text	label
Its very sad we lost our 2 jawans.  Army should have taken action at same time.  Why should army wait for idiotic politicians decisions and advice.  Due to senseless politicians we are losing life's of Jawans.  Surfical strike is done by our brave solders with the guidence of our senior officers.  None of officers or solders name came on headlines except politicians.  Still political using its for political gains.  Thls leaders should spend 1 hour on border then they realise.	0
Now the bhakts will try to ban her on CNBC...	0
Are petrol ke price ke baare mein bolne kuchen nahi Kya ? India is using the costliest petrol	0
Dogs are considered impure in the dangerous ideology followed by Azam Khan whose ancestors were forcefully converted.. .. For us normal people dogs are mans loyal friend.. 😊😊👍👍	1
"Macchi u people only be licking Congress shoes. B, cos for vote bank they licking us, if ur terrorists also."	1
What a bold statement to give for this self claimed feminist society...more power to her	1
"Shaik abdul, people like you want spoon feeding, you guys don't even want to move a finger to help.  People like you are eating this country up."	1
"why we celebrate ? only we have ""FASI "" to kasab....this is not enough. we need to find out those people who create the KASAB and more like him ! so rather then celebration think for remove terrorist from Bottom of earth !! this is not time for celebration this is the war and war is not end as KASAB FASI this is Just Beginning!!!!!!"	0
I think they are displaying wrong title its dont look like bike launch	0
Even pattewala of Kejriwal will be better than Kejriwal. Look how many times Kejriwal has regretted his decision. Thank god he did not become surgeon or pilot.	1
imagine of someone posted 'nazism' or 'fascism' for the futtre. pathetic	1
I didn't notice any thing offensive towards any one in particular. He has vent his mind on governance both centre and state	0
"Sasikala is the right choice as CM, Tamil Nadu."	0
May be she has given secretly ...how do u knw tat she iz nt concerned abt it ...n itz her wish to give or nt itz her money ..government has enough to serve pple for any calamity ....so i wish her good luck as she iz talented n work too much to earn dis position ....	0
"Wakeup call for BJP, don't give importance to corrupt Congi  leaders !!"	1
Everything is not Gau Rakshak but killing people in the name of cow is Gau Rakshak is all about and who told you that killing cow is illegal in constitution don't have knowledge than its better to be quiet its illegal only in the mind of people like u n supreme court has also directed such people that u cant direct people what to eat n what not to eat	1
What about our soldiers....no organization comes forward to support our soldiers's family when they required most....It's really shame on those....	0
#saysiamaproudchutiyawhodoentknowshitabouthistory . U open your mouth only to become a laughing stock. Go read some real history. Not the brainwashed kind. Then you will appreciate the pigsty that is pakistan	1
BABA STARTS A NEW   COMEDY DIALOGUE PLANTED BY MODI GOVT. ...............SHAME .......................	1
"People with  problem of. Diffrent religion s.  Should go on moon"	1
yes pakistan is ultra superpower which can disobey the verdict	1
"Under Rajnath Police, even his state president is not secure...they talk of EIP bluff masters !!!"	1
We all r with u Sir.. but may I know who is suffering  now..	1
"He Yogeshwar  THRAI MAM  THRAi MAM , Convent Schools are extracting admission fees of Rs 40, 000 to 10000/ for a simple 1st standard students. Pl do something by making any squad  to control all these cheating habits by missionary administrations. For example & proof St Peter School is asking Rs 42000 admission fee for 1 standard and quarterly fees is additional . Yes , you can stop it."	0
"That will be sensible decision by Trump if he start negotiations with North Korea  instead of   making   threats of war. You cannot underestimate  country with nuclear weapons. This is  not Syria, Afghanistan where you can test your bombs, even there they have not achieved anything substantial except innocent killings."	1
U know that buffalow meat is a perfect meat..im right  yummy!	0
hahahahaha brilliant. was wondering why i keep getting wound up	1
Satarupa Pal you stupid I am not. In fact you copper chamchma of Modi and therefore you are not able to the constructive criticism.	1
POLITICS ISNT FOR THE HONEST... THIS IS INCREDIBLE NEW INDIA ..WE ALL SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF #LongLiveRevolution	1
he is right as he follows a donkey...so having brain and smartness is completely ruled out..who needs harvard when you have patanjali..	1
how Pakistan army caught them?? Pakistan army cross border?? or they came here to Pakistan?  the most lier nation is ENDian.	0
"Dude be precised... Hard work in right direction... Otherwise it only deteriorates you developing into psychosis #Fact"	0
"Before i use to watch Times now, but seems now they are biased and  the fun of watching of that channel is gone now"	0
It would be more appropriate to levy a fee to enter the bank's branch/ATM	0
"trump goona clean terotist ,,like Isis ,u think him racist ,"	1
Obviously haven't read about turning the other cheek. Funny kind of Christian fellow.	1
"Its the same world wide fight from nation to nation, all caused by islamic hate."	1
"Ankit Prasad forget about banning us. Remember we are not afraid of such type of banns"	1
Could of bought South Africa for that. Think the Gupta's got a bargain.	1
"Fake publisity nothing else, ,"	1
"BJP's arrogance, and who is responsible ?  People in millions hv voted for Modi. Nw face d music."	1
Subramaniam has a grudge that he was not made a FM	0
"Hi Sonia AnujJi....pls throw some light on Pharma Sector, r d rates not appealing ?"	0
A person whose nothing without electricity and loudspeakers !!!May Allah swt forgive u for your ignorance..and guide u to accept islam .i pray one day muslims wake up to hear your beautiful voice saying the azaan ..	1
"Mental status of equating some sings played in navarathri once in a year to everyday loud speaker calling for Azan five times a day is simple a mental bancrupcy of so called liberals they would anything and everything to defend illogical practices but will question every practice about Hinduism , that is why I call them so called liberals they are only liberals for some section not for majority"	1
People in Tamilnadu have some sort of inferiority complex( I really don't know why) and that is why they are so servile!	1
RSS people starts boiling when any body says about secularism and start giving their own bised definition of secularism. This communal thought was first inducted by Sarwarkar in the year 1910 in Indian freedom straggle and and terminated at the birth of  RSS in 1925 along with another communal organisation MUSLIM  LEAGUE. These organisations seldom taken part in the straggle of India.	1
Wat does Congress mean ........ corruption parties for 70 years	0
You should arrange an convention in Los Angeles gonna come there I have some questions regarding this	0
"And Also Kindly ref. our site http://www.perscitustech.com for Intraday , Shot term n Investment calls"	0
"Very surprising. Looking to Tata's track record, one should wait till the details to come out before reaching to any conclusions."	0
Is this the right time invest in pharma sector or wait for donald trumps new announcements	0
I am not agree on your statement	1
He was a loser like khujli who after cheating for his scholarship indulged in all kinds of  red and green type of nonsense and chose the way out after realizing that he could not cope.	1
Good things does not want to realise by the rude kings...	0
"Non-physical banking transactions should be an option for General Public , Specially in country like India."	0
First dogs like Digvijaya Singh need to be put to sleep and then one must analyze what to do with Pakistan.	1
Abid...  1st news for your country and just wait...  We will punish Pakistan very badly	1
"People wait in front of theatres in long queues to get tickets of their favourite celebrity movies, they wait for so long to see their favourite celebrities everywhere possible - cricketers, movie stars etc. why not for a good cause"	0
Retards around howering about AK jhahhaa	0
Really sad to hear this. One of the few respected gentlemen and eloquent speaker😟	0
Hope he will take the tata into a new level. #chandrasekaran. #TATA	0
Incident really u bakhts r all blind drink cow urine and sleep bloody bakhts	1
Every problem create new opportunity just U have to grab it. GD initiative by big bazar	0
#ENTERTAINMENT | Who is your favourite Bollywood mother?	0
"My dear, vishesh films which is Bhatt's production bring Kangana a star status   To sm extent  she is correct but als talking such rubbish is wrong   She even herself is promoted by Aditya Pancholi...."	1
Vijayan said the RSS is opposed to the idea of secularism.	1
Some parents don't know how to bring up their children this is the one reason.they r spoiling their children's life without knowledge.parents anger could make their children to stay away from them.short temper parents very dangerous to their children	1
Modi is great. He does his homework very well and think for Indian common man.Keepit u we are not with you sir.	1
Seven of eight of saarc counries'is the part of great cpec project even whole globe wants to part of cpec'but a Gelious india did'nt to part of great progress of the region	0
What was their business? Oil black marketing. Bloody thieves just defaming Islam.	1
"Leave him alone. He wants to get back to academics. Tomato dal beans and other veggie is bringing tears in our eyes and u want to extemd his term to II, what good has he done"	1
"U got her wrong...  Killing innocents was also a part of our freedom struggle...  Remember General Dyre did this in Jallianwala Bagh...  So she is justified in saying the ppl who committed the murder were innocent, just like the way General Dyre was, and later the British public showed solidarity towards him..  Everything was a part of the 200 yr long struggle..."	1
Bara shor machaya hua the terrorist terrorist  now don't cry when we hang one. Mend yourself before 47 repeats itself	1
First let him fix the money crisis!.... After that we will think about 2022!!!!	1
Thomas Kuruvilla Baven btw you are a European breed........and we dont consider you as keralite	1
"I am happy to see officer in tears. The police becomes so aggressive and abusive when some poor, helpless common men come before him. Without listening they start thrashing to aam aadmi. When such goon behaves in this manner they now realised plight of poor man. This lady does not deserves police uniform, better she be posted in HQ, a peaceful tenure."	1
Gone out of  mind	1
"🚨DO YOU LIKE ONLINE JOB🚨  🙍‍♂i am .. .Sanjay ONLINE JOB EXPERT  👇✍HOW TO DO🤔🤔  1⃣GOTO GOOGLE PLAY STORE 2⃣ TYPE *CHAMPCASH* APPLICATION  3⃣ INSTALL THEN SIGN UP 4⃣PUT MY REFER ID- 5126264 5⃣ YOU HAVE TO MUST INSTAL SOME APPS  6⃣ 7 LEVEL INCOME HERE  7⃣SHARE YOUR REFER ID MORE FRIENDS 🙋‍♂MORE INFO WHATSAPP ME *+919255736374*  🚨 *MY REFER ID IS- ""5126264*  This is a multi level marketing company like that *CHAMPCASH*"	0
If bjp wins in mcd then there is no comes in any change in MCD . please give ur vote to see the the ten  years work of bjp in MCD . if u think there will no work in MCD any party come then why we give one chance to aap in mcd	0
I believe  respect  each  others  views. .😊	0
International courier & cargo bookings special rates extended to this month end  and also offering franchisee & zone Master Franchisee cnt : 9738406045	0
"Reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion."	1
"Did any Muslim of our country say anything about this,if yes then I will be really happy for that"	1
We follow your words but your network seams to be very slow. Due to that we are facing more teething issues.	1
Wth ? Didn't expect this from Indian express. Losing faith in journalism day by day. How can you manipulate the news ?	1
What this broker talking about?	1
"Very true Prashant Suvarna This facilities should be given to soldiers who are *playing*with there life to protect our country, where as sport person play for our country no doubt, but our government give them crores of money where as soldiers not get pension also..."	0
Guys who ever speaking against beloved PM ... think once before you comment ... India is a vast country .. it is not small like Singapore to change in one or two years ...	0
"Kajol clarified saying...she was eating aunty not Mommy.. go to her house.. you cowards.. and punish her, if you've guts.. hypocrites.."	1
"A bit frightening,  India moving so fast towards Cashless  Society--  great achievement."	0
In UP cow's life 'is more valuable than human's . What is the langot CM of that state doing	1
"And she is lucky she has a choice. Every working mother would love to spend more time with family, but for so many the reason to work is because they need the money to run the home. She comes across as some kind of twit"	1
"Yes he is right If he would have joined arvind could hv done anything"	0
How bad would Michael Phelps feel about not representing india in these Olympics? 🤔	0
He can be easily manipulated!  Anna Hazare is Poor Man who does not understand politics!! In reality Arvindji took all pains for the people!!!	0
No brother everyone is not like that. It is the media only who divide but i think that it is the right time for equality.	1
Will the rate cut have any impact on the real estate sector? Do you see real estate stocks surge tomorrow?	0
Moreover that idiot is fan of Terrorist Yakub Menon	1
Reservation and terrorism are the biggest problems India is facing right now.	1
We request to Indian embassy Riyadh please take action	1
Chances  of market  going  down  below  8600 in Oct	0
Legal route can only be a review petition to the Supreme Court: Pawan Goenka	0
"Shops, public transport, other businesses and educational institutions remained closed for the second consecutive day on Tuesday."	0
Covering AAM from GOVt schemes is OK. But Delhiwalas don't want to see the face of Kejri as well.	1
"If this becomes a reality , we could save a lot of time & money ."	0
hello I was at wokhardt hosp with dengue was cured nicely within 7 dates except for one dr bhagwati every one was good	0
"It's okay, it's not such a big deal to make such a huge issue of it :/"	0
There is nothing wrong or right .....it is the way you look at your own geomentry of the brain ....reorientation for  neil is recommended to fix is brain from the virus	0
"Waw, so some news papers decide, narrative. Why u guys jumping gun. Plz don't forget Americans voted to Donald Trump inspite of so much narrative against him. Don't decide & paint with your own imaginations, time will decide."	1
"Hi Anuj, can I have your view on Balkrishan Industries and Sun Pharma."	0
Awesome use of pen there...beautiful writeup..	0
"Am I the only one who is not bothered by the music? I don't understand it but it is different, isn't it?"	0
Of course it very citizens responsibility....but why don't the government bring GO's to abolish plastic bags and organise garbage vehicles to pick up dry and wet waste separately and dump the garbage in a proper way...PM sir...you are the man of the country and you have the power...speeches are good but let us see some action...you have also introduced.5% swatch Bharath tax...!!!	1
Why? They are selected not on their merits but loyalty to ideology and ability to support first family and their alleys.	1
"Plz give govt Retired pensioner s....income tax cutting in pension..,. because they r living few years so kindly"	0
UP one of most worst state in India doesen  matter who ever rule	1
Krk when born he mistakenly drop by doctor and he hit the deck by head side ...that's why he is abnormal ...so ignore this poor Krk...he even don't know why he is born ...!	1
"Claridges and The Savoy ,the two famous London hotels ,have Gordon Ramsay restaurants."	0
"One word for you NDTV , you guys are morons"	1
"Close your eyes and go in the realm of the mind, let the spell take over your thoughts. Dance to the music of your imagination. Vivacity is live now at : http://vivacity.lnmiit.ac.in/ #vivacity #A_Surreal_Symphony"	0
"Bot On Fire 💙 Powered By 💙 Md Adnan 💙   Self Site <3 Faxt.tk <3 Site By 💚 Usama Ahmad 💚"	0
Yedyurappa . ? The one behind the iron oar scam?	0
When people will stop listening to your song ?	1
Vemula Karthik Mr. Andhra have you visited Kerala and its restaurants ever. Try our parota and beef fry or curry and check out the customers who eat them. Ask them their religion and you might get a whack on your face.	1
"56 inch chest is watching mutely & doing Kadi nenda , while jawans r dying & he is throwing few jumlas to make bhakts happy.  They don't have semblance of shame & they r gud at making politics on gow Mata etc."	1
"The moment GurMehar took her Martyred Army Father's name to publicize her support for separatism, it can no more be counted as just her personal opinion.  If she had made that statement without taking refuge in martyrdom of her father then only it could have been treated as a personal opinion.  As of now her statement implies that her Ex-Army father and even many in Indian Army too would have been in support of her statement."	1
"Bhaijan please bring cash from Swiss banks , I am waiting for past 2 1/2 year's will get 15 lakhs, but u given babaji ka Tulu... to everyone ... BC"	1
Yes. During British period navab of Junagadh organized a grand marriage ceremony of his pet dogs . During the partision he carried his pets to Pakistan and left behind his wives in India .	0
do something solid and satisfactory pakistan will never change but we have to change	1
This happened when the civilians were fighting for cows and azaan.	1
"India's tactic to divert attention from Kashmir issue, because India is under tremendious pressure from international community and great struggle by people of kashmir..."	0
I am so proud of you Antoinette!!! You've done an amazing job in helping these children.	0
As long we have people like him in India nothing will change. 😂😂😂.	1
"I am gonna wait for 3 days 4 our PM to react Else we should react"	0
"Now Godse School will come up, because these people are Godse Bhakts."	1
In india now launch bs4 bt the other countries are advenced from india	0
ISI doesn't require but actual Baloch peoples are in search of help	0
"Its easy for jeff to say that now cos he has reached a level in life.  Starters and startups will do something new to match Amazon and hence criticism"	0
why india govt not  taken any seviour action aignest pakistan..	0
Han bhai chutiya hu me...i prefer humans over cows.... Development over rhetoric....facts over hoax....truth over media....and sleep over messing with u... Good night.	0
"Also name caste,community, blood group of all topers."	1
"My heartily congratulations to Kanagana ... at least someone in Bollywood have guts to point finger on Karan... we all have witness the Karan being brand ambassador of Alia Bhatt... I hope directors and producer will think over this and will responsibly promote deserving talent ..!!!"	0
You mean there is no dust in america... lol.. can't stop my laugh after reading your comment... ha ha ha ha	0
"Can't compare Trump's America and Modi's India beyond a point.   There, murderers end up as convicted prisoners.   Here, they end up as glorified politicians."	1
Muslims r getting lynched every other day by hindu fanatics who r supported by BJP and their communal police. How can Muslims in India be happy?	1
Awan Muhammad  U dont know what is the power of our soldiers..	0
"Unfollow and unlike this  Indian express always spreads negativity, don't let them get followers and our attention towards their posts"	1
Dude you've killed lakhs of Pandits and now you don't interfere in a Bhajan and suddenly you become secular :-D	1
Anyways black money ppl poses all the skills continue their play	0
"First of all,there is no gaurakshak in assam.the villagers beaten those two thieves...these things happen,when thieves try to steal the only property farmers have."	0
"What happened to his promise of bringing back Swiss black money back to India. All false promises. What happened with demonetization, could he unearth back money? He gave a chance for all black money holders to convert into white money. Bank were with no money which was held with black money holders. People are fooled..   It's like digging a mountain to catch a small mice."	1
Johar ! Come on accept it ! 🤘🏻😏	0
"Get it- Taslima Nasrin is a prostitue."	1
again miss Venezuela or miss Philippines will win it 😕	1
"India must prevent Pak soldiers to cross LOC and their coming into India stealthily at all cost. For that purpose we should use bullets liberally. At the same time, India should also slap a trade embargo on Pakistan, and urge and  convince the US and other powerful nations to introduce economic sanctions against Pakistan for an indefinite period. Then only this terrorist state would be brought down to its knees."	0
This is good for AAP	0
"He is real culprit ..why he didn't disclosed all this before his dismissal from AAP, so long as he was continued he will be silent...???"	1
"Everthing happens for gud , swami is true in all sense ,and wht ever congress had done in last 10 yrs has adversly effected india ,as its clear congress was selling india, luking to other procpective rajan is nt lucky for india might new governor brings gud luck and gud fortune for india , god bless india"	1
Inspirational person who seems to possess a gd heart and gd intentions.	0
"over step with adidas ...first never follows -adidas advt--> from james bond ""world is not enough """	1
What is the use or becoming a boss when no public support is there.	0
Bina sahu u r also a non iitian so shut the fk up.	1
Sorry bro but begging is ur habit...first you used to beg from America now from china...and as a matter of fact its collaboration of indo russian venture...not isreal..	1
Thanks CNBC / Sonia Shenoy. More sweetness in Speech than market action.	0
"The way some journalists go out of the way to argue for and support Afzal Guru and his supporters, I wish it is much better if they openly support Rahul Gandhi and Congress than this"	1
Hi I have 500 Shares Donear exit or wait. Position @62.50	0
RM and Sushma Swaraj are the only working people in BJP. Rest are just religious politics and campaigning...	1
such ministers should teach lessons for misuse of powers..n we the public only choose such illitrate n gundas ministers .	1
a team of people being yelled at by one person	1
PM has mandated Cabinet ministers to focus on job creation: Commerce Minister	1
"Ohhh chill man dnt go fr watch dis mv n distribute milk to poor of movie ticket price😂😂😂😂😂😂 Ya it's wasting of milk u rut but we can also lv without watching mv but no one can lv without,start act tdy then u cn complaint abt other"	1
same as india doesnt follow Un  orders same way pak wl not accept it	1
"His followers are not as sensible as he is, are they?"	1
Have you ever come across a man winning a debate with a woman. Even in this debate the woman wins.	1
excellent launch considering they are now focussing on south american market.	0
I think india should start by stomping foot on news channels like u	0
Once his term comes to end he will say give me another 5 yrs by that time he will completely ruin the country	1
and they only have about 25 times the population!  What an achievement!  Let's all move to India!   NOT!	0
Pankaj Nandeshwar people against whom baba sahab fought whole life to bring honour for oppressed class who were being humiliated for time immemorial by these people today to get the votes of dalits they r showing themselves proponent of baba sahab	1
"Wipro Guidance: Q1 IT services revenue growth seen at $1,915 m-1,955 m"	0
U could hv give slap that MLA.	1
It's all abt ur religion.. u think if BJP comes ur religion will stop getting appeased	1
Great Move Modi jee u have set another example  king nd its fraternity will always get cake.. Its the foolish 'subjects' who r sufferer. I did not dare to use wird 'citizens'.. Still i will wait for ur move for party money management.. Alasss once more..	1
"Where is Intolerance indian Groups ....Where is all.khan .... Amir khan muslim...on talking Every thinks...."	1
BJP MLA is most powerful position today. Police officer need to understand.	1
Hmm..thou art so tippy to get chorused at your save.	0
"What about BJP, why not freedom from BJP!!!"	1
How much the govt is going to deduct as tax is a big question mark. 😃	0
Muslims ruling parties would never do what the present parties are trying to do.	1
"dont see Mayawatiji's statement with communal angle, see her statement from the angle of seeking for justice and good administration, BJP,SP ruined it badly, its time to fix it."	1
Happy new year ekta What view of NDFC company stock view	0
Kuwait Suspends Issuance Of Visas For Nationals Of 5 Muslim-Majority Countries Including Pakistan	0
"Not 2000, it's 5000, Official report 2000 But  Unofficial Killed & missing 5000"	0
I don't need to own them when I can afford to use them	1
"Gud luck sir...the so called 'Elite' who reaped the benefits of the corrupt establishment will try everything to make it worse n present it in negative light...bravo sir...its was only possible by a strong leader lik to take this drastic step..... from being sceptic, I hav over a period of time become a proud 'Bhakt'...yes u read it rt u hypocrites...I m a 'Bhakt'..."	1
I stay in my wife village where at 4.30 am jain song is been played followed by azan ... people are living United. The best thing is jain song will be stopped for 5 mins Azan. That's best of South India.   Proud to be born in South India where there is no religious fight	1
Joke of the day from a joker from Jokistan. Couldn't stop laughing. 😁😁😂😂	1
It is true that Azaan on loudspeakers disturbs people but why do you dont you complain against the Bhajan?	1
Wat an explanations of saving money in a different  way... Awesome NAMO... Well done... Well planned and superb perspective.... Still to go we are along with u...	0
By the way where is Lokpal.. Mr Anna..?	1
Thank you Delhi Police. Our West Bengal Police should treat Jadavpur University students the same way	1
Wht abt places whr card does nt wrk at all? Traveling by rickshaw do they expect cards?	0
"Will anyone mention this when talking about Sachin, Kohli or Dhoni? The conditions of soldiers is different issue. Sindhu and Malik earned this for their hardwork. Don't try to undermine one's success by commenting about another sensitive issue."	0
"You have no right to talk about arvind . It is arvind who brought you to Delhi and gave the fame you areTODAY. WHY not start a lokpal dharana against the present government now without the help of arvind!"	0
"1)simple congress c.e.o (or ) BJP  ceo, 2)mistry followers or rathan followers  3)mistry ideas or text book ideas -tata  4)interest of the investors-consumers or interest of the master cook   5)egg comes first or chicken comes first ....television mega serial"	0
Bro u don't need your nation u have pakistan go there	1
"India a country where scams of 1500 crores happens , so two or five crores doesnt look big , its looks only because how poor many indians are."	0
cinema took around their character very wisely nd roudram...	0
Sad but nothing compared to Hindus getting killed in Bengal kerala	1
Facing some problems of land acquisition in a few projects: Nitin Gadkari	0
CC never defined Royal Enfield. Its just the best nd no thinks of competing	0
"Indian is Indian ,the USA has no special consideration to any particular religious segment from  India"	1
"Under trails shoud not send to jails,for them separate custodial shells shall be arranged for the period of trails and shouldn't be harassed."	0
"This is cld humanity He'll gonna gv his all ipl10 earning 2 Indian army..hat's off 2 u ''GG"""	0
Check ur mother and sister is safe or  raped by Talibans	1
Govt policies implemented by civil servants and yet they are the ones most corrupt. So how can Modiji policies succeed? EG Bank managers taking a cut and converting black money to new notes by crores. No wonder there is no new notes for general public	1
Global protectionism is a big challenge for India's services sector: Commerce Minister	0
Bahi its so easy its 4time bigger country than ur Pakistan and there population will second largest population after china in Asia	0
"Remembering the media and the other political parties doing the same thing when Modi was chosen as the PM nominate of BJP, today we all know that the best thing to have happened to this country is Modi.  Getting similar feeling for Yogi now..."	1
"But we openly accept wht about you where u r 100+ jehadis were killed by Indian surgical strike. In our case we were claiming we did it n also all big country shown there support after knowledge from their satellite  Here our gov saying yes but your army chief saying we didn't do anything n no other country accepting this happend this means our strategy of army want to take advantage of this to attack on. Can't u ppl use your brain."	0
This news is completely false and baseless....There is nothing official from Kuwait	1
Oil company should ocupie all the petrol pump in up	1
Now Keynes is remembered cos Dr. Manmohan Singh quoted it in Parliament. In that sense every other quote of famous economist should be shared and which is relevant even today. There are so many economical thinking of the past which are not futuristic neither relevant in today's world.	0
Tell me about Muhammmad....go seach about true face of your islam....MC	1
BJP is following divide and rule by pushing beef ban. A party which doesn't care about human rights can never really care for animals. They messed up in North India giving rise to hatred and violence. When will they focus on real issues facing us Indians?	1
your market highlight is dim .....can you get me the sunlight ...need market photosynthesis to happen ---come on anuj ----> is this current news ?	0
Kaleem khaja get to know that it is the need ..... We have got to move towards the less cash economy...we have change we can't just keep hitting at the changing world..	1
NDTV doesn't tell us the cast of the cow !! Incomplete reporting is bad 😂😂😂	1
I agree upto that Mayajal is finished. Rest let us see.	1
Rekha Banerji U diverted from my question. How can Muslims be happy when u see every other day innocent muslims getting lynched by hindutva mobs. The criminals don't even get punished that is why it is happening with impunity.	1
Thats why he always deserve slaps. ;)	1
"Is it buy at dips then ??? What do u think , pls suggest ?"	0
We actually need strict application of laws for such senseless drivers ..	0
"True bmc the so called bastion of Shiv Sena,but the numbers tell a different story. Had the shs impact been there they would have had a complete majority and the bjp would have been left decimated. Still BJP has a chance to edge ahead of shs."	1
aggression paid off or put off ??  :P :D its the time for uddhav n shivsena for introspection !	1
You have to ask that to Larry page or sundar pichai! :D	0
She said it's her choice whether to stay at home or go to work. She isn't criticising the one who choose to go to work.	1
Anna is as corrupt as BJP and congress. History will paint him in as dark as the most corrupt.	1
"Now it's time for hit the bastards hard,  no time for "" kadi ninda "" but time for action...the barbaric action shows , it's not a human work but of animals. And when pigs r gone mad , they r not treated they r shot dead. Our great army men got martyrdom ,take the revenge kill the bastards hard on their land and hard n very hard."	1
"Mr Ashish of #knowyourcompany, teach this guy se manners, how did he spoke to MD of Specialty restaurants.  Just to mention on the service charge issue if the comment of the hoteliers committee was arrogant, then just see the episode once again to see what you did there.  You are nothing as compared to him, these things don't look good on television, we didn't turn it on to see your arrogance."	0
"is it the good time to buy jsw steels? is it the good time to buy jsw steels?"	0
"Communal sharks are the reason for all this confusion, they are adding salt into the festering wounds of the ADMK by using OPS to get a foot hold into TN politics. The people of TN should keep this communally disruptive agenda at bay. Or else communal harmony will be lost in this most peaceful state of India."	1
"Rahul new guru is Arvind Kejriwal, god knows which is good joker ,  why they do not apply for Pakistan PM"	1
Politics should not come in front... and play with it	0
"Please leave this secular stands, do something good to society"	0
"False news , just like it's allies west and America"	0
It's true bro - i wonder how beautiful she is in person n how wonderful it would be to actually meet her - cloud 9 fever	0
Modi sir i  support  u nd those all who r against u they r jokers	1
"we belong to zoological park ...tarzan community ""  recommends smile for success even when you are seated in a hot seat ..400 degree celsius -just smile ...best dress you wear ."	1
Hehe Anuj thank you for acknowledging dear and thank you for answering	0
"Congress required to accept that lower,medium and common peoples had left faith on them due to their ill planning .They have to accept that there is no leader who can come forward  to take challenge to re-strengthen the party and come atpar with Sh.Narinder Modi &Amit shah BJP Party."	1
Oh !  I forget actually  whole pakistan is a jahannum .& choosa  aam by chinese.	0
"Black money,terrorist and smuggler all will be wiped out.Off course builders."	1
"Good evening sir am fro Muscat, i do have shares of spice jet bought at around 64₹-8k shares. Does this will fly in near future or going to land."	0
Please guys... stay patience.... we will see... we waited these many years... why can't we wait for few more months	1
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media	1
it's good u r a home maker..but ur thought process needs to be refined..it stinks	1
"Devavrat Rana  for me both have to be earned, I'm perfectly detached polite until the subject helps me form my opinion of him/her"	0
Punch line... Strongly said & boldly put forward...	1
South Indians are more literate but these things proved them wrong...Such a wastage of milk.	1
"The basic question is ""has Pakistan produces somethin other than terrorism""."	1
WATCH: Yogi Adityanath began to weep while narrating his experience at the hands of the erstwhile Samajwadi Party government in UP.	1
Seeing a lot of investor interest in electric vehicles segment: Commerce Minister	0
"The less you talk of this bugger Sonu the better.People of any Faith  be it  Islam ,Hindu or Christian should have no problem when holy Azaan is sounded vide Speakers or Bhajan broadcasted through Speakers  be it at any hour of  time,we should learn to respect and acknowledge the Holy essence of both the  Religion."	1
Send him to mental hospital  he is MAD	1
"Pakistan made Indian currency over, black money holders in big trouble. We admire Modi"	0
"He is a PM with great visionary, never worried about opposition hurdles."	0
"Jude we elect our representative. Average turnout %for voting. Later we blame the corruption"	1
Some of the rural areas no power..so first step we need to take that...	0
"N let me tell u ...u r not awesome , u r flawsome kind of guy ...go and get a life."	1
All terrorist are muslim but all muslim are not terrorist	1
"Yes wat abt baloch, Sindh, and killings of afghanis and pashtuns? stfu bikhari"	1
Janata Dal (United) leader Sharad Yadav is tipped to emerge as a likely consensus candidate in this coming together of the opposition parties. Yadav said that the unity among anti-BJP parties has already begun in the Parliament and was now expanding to the ground as well.	0
"Really DTAA will force to tax evader in trouble for capital gains on investment , excellent and positive measure for Growth and protection of corruption too"	0
His philosophy is as dead today as it was before.....	1
Time has come all leftist student should either banned or left our country......No tollence for these criminals..	1
Crude will it touch $60 in Dec	0
"the most ill-planned, ill-executed move by the government.. its all about politics.. its all about the UP Elections... nothing else... no Black money is coming into the system or anything else.."	0
"Resolve the Kashmir issue , the peace will prevail across the nation ."	0
"I suggest don't answer to anyone opposing Modi.. they have come to a stage where they will criticise anything that he does, I m waiting for the day when modi will say  that fresh air is good for health and people will start opposing it and stop taking fresh air.."	1
It's his wish. Who is this mullana preaching others and interfaring in others religious beliefs ? He's also a citizen of India and have his own religious freedom. Being a CM doesn't mean he do stop believing in the faiths of his religion.	1
Tital itself is biased. India has been subjected to minoritiesm in the name of secularism. Now India is only restoring secularism!	1
"listen mate your eternal father MODI JI  is still your nemesis,"	1
It's important that any stock holding company that the management have a skin in the game. Cyrus Mistry has his skin in the game.	0
There is a bigger scam all over India in issuing DL and RTO office is most corrupt. Mostly the jurisdiction falls under state and central minister can do a little. However can some legislation come in controlling RTO?	0
"Indian Jallikattu Train PM Massacre......?  Killed Gandhi... Father of India....? Killed 100+ Kashmiri in 2016.....? Killed 100+ Civilian in 2016 Demonetization.....?  #Pakistan Pl Help...... #UnitedNation Pl Help...... #China Pl Help......"	1
"Himachal high court also banned our very old tradition of buffalo fighting event in dussera.. Dont know why court want to show its superiority..instead it should ban killing of animals in slaughter house"	0
Need to send a request to FB to unfriend #indianexpress WTF is wrong with u guys 😡😡😡	1
No! All assembly elections could be held together but holding them with Lok Sabha is a huge mistake!	0
congress mukt bharat k saath saath Tumlogo ka v safaya ho jayega.....haram khoro..... 3 Yrs me 5000 Hindu ka converstion hua islam me .....is par kya bologe.....chutiya.  Party of India CPI.....	1
first of all jigar this is not only country of Hindus its a diversified    country having all religions togethers.u have jigar only on ur name but don't have jigar in u to respect the others religions and their sentiments.so be a man learn to respect other religions and people.	1
"Ur people r desecrating holy Quran, the peace msg of Islam"	1
Oh!!! he did he really have a heart eh ?	0
its a shame that we haven't taken any action yet and we still wait for more of these things to happen...kill them all..	1
This old man is useless.	1
"Sitharam yetchury must be send to the border post and must be asked to stay with the fighting Jawans,then he will realize that keeping the borders is not so easy like what he thinks and speak.He was running to JNU,for solidarity for the terrorist outfits inside the university,why he never show solidarity with our jawans,Iam doubtful for his citizenship in India."	0
go and file case man y to disturb people and blackmail aap as kumar viswas did	1
Warren Buff. Has warned for over valued m caps. Is there great sell off coming this week	0
Anything more than 10bps is atrocious. E-Wallets will get wiped out if PSU Banks support their wallets at no extra cost on Govt directive.	0
Lalu ji Namo Namo is ours People's Pm nd u r  not People's CM.	1
chinese leaders are using Veto tp protect terrorist in pakistan ? liars.	1
Human  lose  always  painfully. But how can it possible  mutilating   soldier  body. O.7 millions  army deployed by india  governments valley  of Kashmir . Pakistan  army  go to inside India  and  mutilated  soldier  body then back to barrack .If its  happen  really  India  army  must take  action  on   sector  commander  .It's failure  of Indian army .it also prove that Indian army is weaker  than pakistan  army. In terms  of training and  Cleverness .	1
Ask those dogs to keep quite ...who are disturbing modhiji to speak	1
He should go back to SLEEEP	0
"Sharon did not say, ""American English"", after reading her comment more carefully. She said, ""in American English"", so I believe it was a typo and she actually meant to say, ""in America, English should be the official language."""	0
"Sir , fact is that secular dynamics of this country is fast changing  & present setup is set to disintegrate this country."	1
but pakistan is governed by army  ? .....ruled by china	1
pak known how to defend us i think in will divides into 100 parts	1
U will support converstion bcze u knw u r also a converted muslim..whose ancestor were hindu...but they accept islam for their lives...so in our local language we call this types of muslim DOGLA..Or Hybrid.....Lol is talking abt ideology ....go and try to knw abt ur root...	1
A man who cannot respect his mother how do you expect him to respect his motherland	1
m also admirer of kangna acting skill..bt she is nt correct..she has problem with alll...	1
Absolutely pathetic piece of journalism from Indian express. This guy just made such an inspiring speech but all this news agency saw was criticism of AK. Highly disappointed!!!	1
The people who are depositing amount in the bank are black money holders and the deposited money is black money	1
Politicians are like diapers. They need to be changed often and for the same reason.	1
"Stay fooled, when people like you are blindly protecting and defending criminals. Desh kahan aur kaise aage bade ga?"	1
Abp means All Bjp Paid News to make fools in India	1
"It's true but our government will never understand, they will spend crores to advertise MakeInIndia bur will not focus on the key issues of Infrastructure and policies for ease of MakeInIndia"	1
Good work......just give government employee salary package as in private sector.....	1
Because of these parties like these we Hindus got united .... Infact we should thank them for making the impossible thing possible....2017 has started exceptionally well for BJP.... Waiting for up results	0
"Siva Das and you were tagging me in pages that trolled Yechury for attempting to get re elected to Rajya Sabha.   Yechury says sorry to disappoint you! 😂"	0
This is how he makes money.. vmby creating controversy and doing exactly what's wrong.	1
Welspun is weak. REC and GATI shall perform brilliantly. Wait for some positive news for Wockhard and Metalyst.	0
"India plagued with mafia gangsterism., gentlemen. Clean that first, other corruption will vanish itself."	0
Only a third class news paper like indian express can print such nonsense uttered by an idiot.	1
"It is greatest among all toppers .. Toppers among toppers ..I am general category guy , I say Dalits scientific skills are equivalent to westerners. It is this science views saving India from poverty , illogical thoughts , black vs white divisions etc... IT workers cannot even missile , so we have to rely on science ."	1
As if UN has no other work. They will not even hear this guy.	1
"Modi ji,  all the Pain & nö Real Gain."	1
just saying whatever comes to mouth doesnt make a leader.	1
"means tougher for congress , easier for bjp ---this is what he means"	0
Where is the common 18% GST ? Vanished in thin air ?	0
Ribak Imdat EVM fraud... LOL... If #AAPTARDS still believe that was the reason for Delhi and Punjab loss.... Then you are true to your name....	1
"well as per national crime record per 100,000 people Kerala is number 1 in women sexual assault tally"	0
"PART TIME JOB WITHOUT INVESTMENT ""NO REGISTRATION FEES ""👉Earn daily 400-500 by working 15 minutes , install """"champ cash"""" to play store in your phone. Sponser ID. 7369300 For more information type  ""JOIN "" and send WhatsApp  no. 97077,23222"	0
Could have migrated to BS4 in 2014 but govt was not ready with fuel: Pawan Goenka	0
"Now nifty above 20 day moving average, what next 50 day moving average 8359"	0
"Soldiers creating songs, your soldiers can do that well only. Keep creating"	0
The whole world knows you are with RSS/BJP. Whom are you trying to fool???	1
what about triple talak why supreme court hesitate to give justice to muslim women later on halala	0
"Online smart work part time , JOB WITHOUT INVESTMENT , NO REGISTRATION FEE , Monthly payment , No target , No age limit , Work from home , Don't miss this Golden opportunity , Limited vacancy available , Working 2 hours per day , For more information whats app us on +919084695747"	0
I remembered the scene in OMG!! where Paresh Rawal describe the same scene as this news	0
"We must start investing in stocks/ SIPs from college days rather than being extravagent on cellphones, bills etc ensures wealthy 30+."	0
Long back charges on withdrawal were introduced but later had to withdraw. It is unethical. Bank fully utilize clients funds and it was held illegal. Better checkup past experience.	1
"once again thanks on cent tex,  i have bought 10k shares of Grauer & weil, but stock is not reacting and remaining in the same zone, your view on this ?"	0
"“We are examining the evidence produced by the IOs to take a final decision,” Joint Secretary Chhedi Lal Gupta, who heads the committee, told The Indian Express."	0
Theeya Hindus of BJP and CPIM are killing each other to protect their upper caste/Nair leaders. Why bring Muslims into it you hatemingering moron.	1
Why did Modi avoid speaking in Parliament inspite of repeated insistence by opposition	1
"India is already on his way to form chabahar port with iran. No need for cpec"	0
If you sing vandemataram and killing innocent people will not count as a nationalism. leave the hate speech like this and try to unite all people for the strong India.	1
"haha...thats means ur are excuses..the bottom line demonktization is flop idea....120+ deaths,GDP of india dexreased by 2%,nither the bank or Govt know how much money  got into bank,where is black money?where is swiz bank holders?"	1
Anyone who criticises others should tell the solution which feel is best to resolve the problems	1
It is nor a surprise. None of the Governments (Congress or BJP) ever bothered about Aam Aadmi and this was the first time that AAP brought Aam Aadmi in front on stage with full respect and both large National parties did not like this. Other parties always wanted people like Ambani and Adani in front of the stage.	1
Why go sucking RSS bolls	1
Arvind Kejriwal is the best	0
Yes against your version of secularism.	1
No bosses over there take fare actions . Employee who are onroles they treat the person working on 3rd party payrole as their servant	0
"Sonu nigam goes mad respect other religions too, is f u not interested to keep cotton inside its ears ."	1
Great Mam! Great skills ! Great calls. Every analyst has the logic. He thinks over them and make it as simple as buying a biscuit. Hats off! Radhima Desai.	0
Didn't expect this from Indian Express. Such a bogus title.	1
These RSS/BJP goons are working hard to take India back to medieval days	1
It appears that there is more indiscipline in the country. It is advisable to give good education to all so that they learn to be polite and good moral characters.	1
All Govt. Offices should have CCTV camera inside the rooms.	1
I sell  1lot  ibreal estate@ 100.25 now Wat should I do	0
Those who dosen't belive.... they r all fraud.... and those who belive....can make hindustan change......	1
My company files are under scrutiny for past yearsand am being digged for nonsense. Pls controle this nonsense.	1
"The last line is interesting. Let's change the measurement. If you can't fix it, change it!"	0
"When an elephant like Modi walks and talks, he does not bother about street dogs barking at him."	1
Well Kuwait is an American colony isnt it?	0
Jwala Prasad She is always there to rescue hindu workers in Gulf countries.	1
"Well, Tata shares are gonna be highly bullish tomorrow on NSE after this news!"	0
"With all the respect mam, if she is kid she should behave like that. speaking on such a sensitive issue and when being criticized then saying I m a kid and use her father's martyr status as defense is not good. Other students there in universities are also kid."	1
"Why this drama Anna ji. Kejriwal started AAP when Other political parties challenged him to enter politics . Inspite of Anna resistance he started the party after an openion poll conducted among  the public. Bjp tried everything through Kiren bedi and VK Singh  in the name of Anna to spoil  AAP efforts. So his comments have no effect."	1
"vacancy for the post of cm ,ministers, m.l.a ...interested may apply -make it simple cnbc tv 18 ..you people are complicating"	0
Good india s going ahead now we will start bike factory on moon	0
Nobody has license to kill anyone though they feel opposite party is doing something illegal...pls we have police and judiciary to take care of that... Don't drive india towards talibanization...	0
"Rajan's exit has something to do with the blame game played by Subramanian Swamy. This will cost BJP and the financial market for sure, especially foreign investors. Wait for the Market to react on Monday."	0
Congress people come to Parliament everyday to get insulted 😂😂😂😂😂	1
"Politicians only believe in phote sessions they never try to uplift & development of boards,  organisations, players including"	1
"Contribute our money making it 1000 cr hit movie it's good name for India as in  Film industry but not to Indians .."	1
It is good to see Myntra collaborate to mango. Congrats	0
"sir,you are cent percent correct mr.Anna is.a RSS to the core"	1
Vishwa Yandigeri What about Goa?	0
"Why  u did like this, GODSE body still revered in India"	1
"Dude, it's just the dress. Style is a universal language, there are people who can criticise or praise it, that doesn't mean they're trying to be better. I would underatand if they're talking about her profession but it's not. By your logic, it seems one has to clear the IAS exam or win an olympic medal to criticise celebs. They are celebrity and it's their job to be in front of the cam, social media nd everywhere, it's their job to be a sensation or butt of joke"	0
Is this bottom for the market ? Demonetisation priced in?	0
"Love You Sonia, i watch CNBC TV 18 only to see You......"	0
"Forget and neglect valentines day........on this day Freedom fighters Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru sentenced to death in Lahore conspiracy case and were ordered to be hanged on 24 March, 1931. ... it should be a mourning day for india.....not for foreigner valentine.....and we r so much illiterate that we dance with the valentine....shame on us......"	1
Corrections are required a moment to buy. Don't brood much on one bad quarter.	0
All priority on the recent appointments are being given purely to upper caste. Observe. Don't be a blind bhakth	1
Tiwari ji these words does not suits you. You are intellectual and know better than me which word we should use for our primeminister.	1
The reason we doubt your faith in country. Turkey already said If India gets into NSG then Pakisthan too be given entry.	0
Blowing up thousands of people just because they belong to a different religion no forceful religiousness.	1
Nothing happened like that. Your Army and media is lying.	1
U SP people has ruined the UP no law and order. Go to any other state u will see the difference.	1
"Good ... Very good analysis.... Shame on you...."	1
dominer is doing poo ... may be thats y .. they are delaying	1
"Riya Biswas yes but no one is killed and burned in a train to godhra, no Hindus flee from Kashmir, East Bengal, Pakistan according to you"	1
"I think ""deshdrohi"" is a new English word of nomo dictionary 😃😃😃"	1
China is building rout to invite terrorism into their country....😆	0
"^^^^here you have it folks. She stands with Israel, but lives in the USA. She supports apartheid, killing Palestinians, and treating non-Jews like second class citizens.   Jews also like to play the victim card by throwing out the ""anti-Semite"" card. Guess what, no one feels sorry for Jews. They have done just fine on the backs of others so spare me your ""Jew lives matter"" BS and take your hypocritical hate elsewhere."	1
What has bjp done in last 10 yr in MCD...stop barking..do work now	1
Too many converted minority dogs are barking here .....lol	1
"Arti and bhajans are done in temples everyday in morning and evening. Jagrata on weekly basis, and for full month ganesh and Durga puja.......So cut the crap."	1
Maybe u could live in a pod for a night...	0
good opening international market without stt and ctt great step.	0
Its a remake of the first ever cafe racer built by the first ever motorcycle company. Heritage counts a lot here	0
"it is loud and clear you are A, RSS man"	1
We Still support Modi sarkaar rather than Chor Congress...Modi sarkaar is much more better & stronger than Chor Congress...	1
"🎃 Bot🐑 Powered🐺 By🎍 Prince😥 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Add Close Me♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  28 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
WTF is this ?? Anyone who can figure out what the hell these plans actually involve shd get bharat ratna.	1
"do you know 95% of japanes donot invest in stocks as they believe you should work hard to earn and not on speculated boosts. in japan no interest in savings bank account,on the contrary they charge for keeping your money safe. .let us learn good things. watch with family Tata SKY 642 NHK world news channel japan ."	0
Mr. Naresh Aggarwal - Your advice to BJP as not to compromise on Law & Order  is the  joke of the century. Are you really serious?	1
"This shows he doesn't have much movies in his hands. At least something is required to be in a limelight even if one has to use cheap tactics..!!!"	1
The remarks are degrading of trans and the comparison is objectional	0
It's written by me brah... 😂😂😂	0
i too dont want oil at $80 but junk bund of oil companies are rallying like crude will reach $80.Though bond overreact.	0
Is it right time for buying AXISBANK for short term ?	0
"Mr Anna Hazare created a Bhrasracharis hub /party, leaded by kejarilal nd his followers results all bhrasrecharis already find new dimension to create obstruction in making new India  nd it's a big blow to those who r fighting for Bhrastechar Mukt Bharat."	1
U people do it all da tym...u don't hv anything else to do...except religion.	1
What about Porkistan? Porkis are condemned world over. Any one travelling with a Porki Passport is checked thorouhly in any western Country.	1
i cant trust bajaj people's sorry highly nt recommended..... :-@	0
Go on guys... the more you do it.. the bigger bjp gets.. lol.. 😜	1
A man self obsessed with religious ideology even in friendship couldn't be a trustworthy. Let him go back without any further talks.	1
how many days this advt will  hang in cnbc tv 18 ? -pre paid or post paid jaguar news	0
"William First go and check the video, Mallika Arjun khadge first said that not even a dog gave sacrifice from your side and then PM gave him the answer with utmost respect, and what is the problem in raincoat remark?"	0
I think due to last year's episode	1
"He praised on the effort of curving open defecation.It has decreased to 100 million.By 2019 if gone by this rate,it will vanish.Modi gets credit"	0
Pakistan is the worst country. You cannot mutilate a body! U just cant. it shows ur inhuman nature and how low you can go. #BoycottPakistan	1
Tell us some way to exchange the money 😃 those has become only papers which are of no use. Even no one can buy gold since government is monitoring that too. This is why all the political parties are crying because they didn't get any tip to save their black money for next election 😄	0
"✔India's No. 1 Work From Home Job No Investment Required, 🕚Only 2-3 hours working and earn ⏩Rs 500 - 1000 per day. Totally Geniune.  We need serious candidates,Type ""JOB"" and send on this WHATS APP number +918444867178"	0
cnbc tv 18 do you know how the defective goods are returned .....now reverse the entire flow chart from Z to A...from A goes to the service center or manufacturer for replacement	0
"Azam Khan, u should know that ur Congress friend Mallikarjun Kharge had referred to BJP leaders as dogs in LokSabha. Modi did not use such remarks at all."	1
"Sonu Nigam is a classic example of Hindu Privilege. I dare see a Muslim Celebrity speak of. guess only Hindus consume the toxic lead that makes it way to food via water system after Ganesha and durga idols are thrown in rivers. guess only Hindus inhale toxic smoke from Diwali fireworks. guess only Hindus get late to work when roads sometime entire cites are lock down for Hindus festivals, guess only Hindus are woken up by bells and bajan keerta in mandirs."	1
No foul words pls al of us r decent and ladies r also in d discussions. Pls stick to clean comments. No hatred or bigotry too from anyone. This is seen by lot of people so let us maintain dignity and decorum.	1
Send this guy along with Justice Karnan for a mental check up. Ullu.	1
"corrupted state so sorry for the boy  , let the dynamic CM think about the needy n the poor forget cow"	1
"Munawar Khan Porkiestan is ISIS PART ONE created on the land of Sindh n Punjab, After Genocideing 30 lakhs Bangladeshis in 1971, Porkiestan funded the Jehadist elements of Kashmir n Genocided millions of Kashmiri Hindus during the 1991, Now Porkiestani Army is Using Chemical Bomb against Innocent Baluchis People..porkiestan Murdabad"	1
Oh come on Karan Johar has introduced 13 new directors to Bollywood. So what is Kangana's charge of nepotism about ?? Kangana is mostly right when she speaks. But she always gets carried away..	0
Aishwarya Padmanabhan..but every person on this earth has to hv an identity..it is very necessary..wt a 22 year old girl with a spoon fed life wud know about the struggles of women in our country..it is very very necessary for women to acquire equal space in worksphere if we ever dream of equality!!	1
I totally agree with Maneka Gandhi yesterday i was watching Discovery channel and this morning woke up as Scientist !!!	0
Fix this rubbish from china !	1
Where is the stupid CM. Usually has a big mouth for glorification.	1
"""win your self "" -real freedom -unleash the d.n.a   ...do not use----> unused old palmolive shaving cream of abraham lincoln"	0
"What about the BlackBerry?? They gonna release much awaiting mercury tomorrow at MWC in Barcelona Spain"	0
DS palms were not sufficiently greased.	1
Well again politics wins in india ...such a shame...bad days begins....begning of the end....not sure..	1
What was d product to launch...music artists or bike? Music artists occupied dias for longer time technically they were launched.	1
Can just think positive and be positive and come out of depression.	0
Do u recommend tcs buyback.. what about stock in future	0
All the khans feel murdered......money printer or hoarder of black money.....	1
Election commr stooge who needs his high paid and cushy job	1
"Amazing movie...Superb imagination...U can feel the hardwork it must have taken for every scene,the thoughts as well as the execution of them...hats off to the makers and the actors"	0
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media	1
needed move 4 genuine curtomers and P note measurement will help to curb against speculation	0
Watch this video u will know what sort of guts they carry	1
This type of frustrated statement can be given by a person who has failed allover	1
Please ask question to finance minister what is the need of 2000 rs note	0
BMC needs her to clean the roads of Mumbai :p	0
"I knew andhbhakts will require a lot of burnoll ,... Because they dont believe in investigation process and judiciary system    And Indian constitution ..."	1
love and involvement  in business is a fine work of craft men ship--> andre	0
Did Sushma tell him to go to his Holy country to meet a PEACEFUL END ???	1
Bajaj better have somebody keep an eye on the fans reaction here	0
This hazare is a mad person...	1
He has been trained from his own Kejriwal :D	1
We need 6 Aircraft Carrier ... We have 1... Another under construction...So Chinese​ are terrified...	0
Throw that kejriwal out. His arrogant behaviour costed the party alot. they lost their diginity now.	1
Where do I even begin on the issue? By the way...This happened behind my back....	0
Why dont they stop their minister kiran rijiju first?	1
"The party involved in every immoral activities is demanding resignation of Kejriwal on moral ground ,shame on you."	1
"Well where is #BCCI , the richest sporting body in India...."	0
Grand salute to 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏 S.S. RAJAMOULI for making of amazing movie 😍😍😘😘😘	0
Something new and interesting waiting to see the full video!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	0
Only economic progress without security can be dangerous. You can threaten us for that good economy. We can develop attachments and kneel down. Security is important. Without that you won't let us stay cool.	0
Please forward the copy of this report to Sonia Gandhi and her son with a copy to all opposition parties who are vehemently objecting the govt in Parliament.	0
"IMF latest GDP forcast is same as was in the years of 1981, 1994, 1998, 2011 & 2013 which means Indian Economy is backed by atleast 4 years instead of progressing if we take the IMF latest forecast with that of 2013 years' GDP figure ✔✔"	0
Sir u Carry on! India now understand who are fake	1
"The top bosses in CRPF,have little or no experience in fighting either maoists or terrorists.The Men become cannon fodder while the IPS lot,sip their whiskeys ! They wont let Army in !"	1
Gd work done by police who the hell was he a freedom fighter or  a social worker	1
The day will come when we hit the 40 kms/day of road construction target: Nitin Gadkari	0
He  should be payed by police who kept the money with them. Or as promised RBI	1
"""Even Theresa May felt compelled to say, despite Brexit, that it was in the interest of the US to have a strong Europe as a partner."""	1
...and we thought the talented guy who posts your b grade news; is on leave! Lost your credibility to be responsible yet again.	1
"Idiot gadhe,  buy all the cows in India n keep it safe in your home..instead,  If u come to my place n try to stop me when I cut my cow for beef biriyani,  I'll cut your cock too.. Mind it"	1
Any views on paper industry ? A rerating of the industry on the cards soon ?	0
"Surbhi Srivastava fools like you and low grades like you need an identity. She is a beautiful women is her first identity. She married a prince who is at her service as he loves her,is her second Identity. She gave birth to a cute baby to become a mother is her biggest identity.  Working in some B or C GRADE company and pleasing your boss for promotion might be your identity but this kind of identity is not required for this great lady MEERA"	1
If this CM cross the law he must be in jail	1
Government should see that common man should not be in trouble	1
Dirty bjp politics....addicted to fake fame.......idiots... Then have introduced a new post of...personal camer man..😏😏😏😏😏😏😏	1
Now this makes you Money-sha	0
What's wrong with you secular idiots	1
"Because, students are crossing their limits. These students in the name of free expression of speech, don't hesitate to ignore national interest. They are tools in the hands of leftists, unscrupulous vested interest politicians, and even terrorists. Can we call them students or give them any other name."	1
"Agree, she makes a ridiculous statement.  Working moms don't think their kids are puppies..."	1
Railway & Highway being made into Unified Logistics Park: Nitin Gadkari	0
Finally india is giving importance to athletes....Kudos...an enlightenment to the upcoming athletes.All the best 2020.	0
"MR. RAJAN, PLEASE GIVE ME 10000 CRORES AND THEN KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT. I WANT TO BE A BIG DEFAULTER"	0
All people are not fools as he or others promoting him think so	0
Yes he need to join isis	0
He has gone old. So don't give importance to him. His own party has left him	1
Guys..its a mukesh ambani channel..its a lie..they only have 1.6cr customers	0
Your anchor sonia shenoy always make negative comment about market	0
Sonia...How about financials like federal bank and housing finance such as dhfl	0
I condemn..such acts..its written..in holy quran..dont break temple n monastries...shameful incident	1
Truly an uncivilized person in the eye of society.It is a punishable offence. Nobody should stand by his side.	1
but if u blame pakistan army we r stand with our proud army	0
How many of your hopes have materialised so far please. Your integrity is now doubtful.	1
"You are privileged doesn't mean that everyone is.. Mothers go to work not just for herself but to give better education, lifestyle to her kids.. We respect your views but no need to degrade the very sentiment of working moms!"	1
"But u cant deny growth n development...  Or just cry what u r nt...now"	0
"Don't forget the nationalist arrested for spying for Pak. You have good knowledge of pedeg...."	1
He is nothing but a naxalite in disguise of parliamentarian like bhadwa journos of RNDTV who ISI agents in disguise of journalist	0
My goodness so many bigots	1
Binoy! u know nothing about him. update ur knowledge then post. my dear poor binoy! 😝😝😝	0
where are all the corrupt politicians that keep bullshitting about welfare for the poor citizens of our country? scumbags	1
Mr. Macchiwala I have spoken to Muslims in Gujrat and they were thankful to him because he saved their lives. I don't know where do you get this idea that Modi is responsible for riots.	1
We will always support north Korea........neta ho to Kim jaisa	0
How good if us fed rate hike for India ?	0
"Dude, please keep your gyan to yourself.    Don't worry you will get your answers soon enough.     Stop patronising."	1
Neil Khurana not believing in any court any justice system is part of ur thinking as from mao to naxal in india u always maintaining kill everyone who don't believe in communism.......	1
Are bhajans played daily.??  5 times a day..?? 🤔	1
view on BOB ( please advice sir ji ) hold or sell	0
"owen wilson starring has trump in "" behind the enemy line"" -columbia, script written by cnn, times now ,guest performance -Mr.modi --oath taking ceremony speech designed by cnn , times now"	0
Shamefull how come an illiterate person give advice to welqualified person like kejriwalji.	1
Tough words are not enough. Strike strike and strike......Mr PM your 56' chest is on stake....	1
Yes ...the other best thing to have happened is that the country and BJP have found a Successor	1
"Agree with you, today people do not have faith in this government n law and order. Every thief including politicians involved in corruption should be killed. Also if u ever involved in corruption of any kind you have to surrender immediately so that mob can killed you as u say."	0
"Smart work, rather than the hardwork, is required for leaders."	0
Brain Washed Hindu. BJP vote bank	1
"What did you ,when you had to hand over to BJP"	0
Adesh man too Durga Nag Mandir Sonwar Shankaracharya Mandir Dalgate its on a hill top but the chants can be heard bythe people living on foothill. Rambagh mandir habba kadal mandir ganpatyar mandir just yo name a few in a tiny city	1
"Big business always supports the government,to save their skin and used for propaganda"	0
"Under public pressure they are compelled to say it is NOT a  FATWA but an appeal. But listen to the arguments they are giving, it reflects  an appeal which has to be agreed and followed."	1
Asma rani is an ISI agent ... she girl is repeating same comment everywhere ... I hv seen this lady commenting the same thing more than 4 posts related to our soldiers... n along with this lady there r some more ISI agents working on the same issue ...	1
Definitely overdoing nd over rated actress. That dress is a bad choice.once she even looked like Michael jackson.	0
absolute truth ...nice ...jay hind ....rest assure time certainly will come when we are in top one .....jay hind ....jay mata di .....	0
"This is not intolerant country we are living and we know very    You don't tell from other countries.     We people very happy n don't need your suggestions  Thank you."	1
"How will posting HUGE AMOUNT help any party? Its just a matter of 36 hours before the truth would be on the table. Stop posting stupid stuff"	1
'JUST 8 MEN OWN SAME WEALTH AS HALF OF THE WORLD ' -- OXFAM🌝✔	0
Its good right. Lesser worry of robberies. People who earn and never payed taxes will have to pay taxes. Its people like you who cannot overcome the simple discomfort you face. You need everything in your hand. Govt is not for that tho.	0
"alarm ?? for what ??  destructions ??"	1
First u kerala's CM please allowed Rations to us then speak against RSS now poor people of Kerala don't get rations when u elected in here.	1
Even Modi forgot about swach bharat campaign . Now Swatch Bharath name is only while ordering food from hotel where they charge swatch bharath cess	1
Why should not shoulders blast the are where these piglet acumen Naxals live.	0
Millions of life have been ruined by the jahil kom	1
The narrative is meant for all of us ...encouraging us to look beyond our political affiliations however the coverage and reactions show that we never can!	1
Demonetization is OK but who's going to look after the sufferings of poor and aam aadmi ?	1
"Mohammad Javeed I completely agree with you Javeed Bhai.. so many people  sacrificed their lives to get freedom to our country, if those people had stopped fighting because so many people were dying, we would not be what we are now. These people too can be ranked so, I pay respects for them and I hope no more deaths will happen due to this decision. Their efforts will certainly bring fruits for our future generation without any deviation."	1
"if u would like to do something great , u do greatest that Gambhir army had done , what to say about woaks no words just feel"	1
"Lower the income tax rate , it will increase consumerism"	1
Yes women's must be given more powers and rights. Let's change the nation.	0
"Haha its is the Almighty God who created us, our prophets and this whole universe..not any human or object has created the same..read ur authentic books like Vedas and see what is written there..it is clearly written in Vedas that God has no image and nothing is like God..so how can we consider that Krishna who was a human being was a God??"	1
Omg 😲 relax just an opinion 😝	0
Poor and powerless in any form always exploited.	1
This decision by Narendra Modi is brilliant but NRIs who don't have plan to travel to India in 50 days or say till 31st of March will be in trouble.	1
You are slave of one family...and country is being leaded by a leader in real Sence and hence people like you can't handle.	1
A communist trying to convince himself that he and his ideal are still relevant?	1
"India must release phantom-2 to take revenge, :D in which raw officer Katrina will kill 20 PK soliders :D LOL!!!"	1
i found news camourflaged since a decade. i miss good news !	1
The father has spoken bravely and now it is the country's turn to support him and other loyal Indians like him and actively garner their support to deradicalise the few who are unfortunately involved in anti-national activities.	1
Many multibagger  of the past have stopped moving like skipper sfcl Laopala. What should one do ?	0
"Don't have enough number. Poor chap even After  labour work of sonjya madam, congress not shown sympathy"	0
"Pakistan crossed LOC went inside India, killed Indian soldier mutilated him then ate an icecream, took a selfie and went back to Pakistan.   Clap👏"	0
Indian Express better Use Burnol !!	1
Pakistani think they're innocent mc	1
"This was China's response to US' accusations: ""That doesn't exist at all"""	1
It is just a moral boost for Non BJP parties.	0
Prabhaas alone? Prabhas has done movies before baahubali. Credit goes to entire baahubali team including the director.	0
Devil maker is not less than the Devil.	0
Thank you prime minister for simultaneous election decision which will become very strong.	0
Indian express editors don't you have any other issues to ponder upon. Why you people are always focusing on the negative side or irrelevant issues.	1
"I think Anna is not as brave as he actually pretends to be He should have come into politics and try to give good governance  Criticizing is a easy tasks"	1
Hazare shaab..Now your party is ruling and u can't find Corruption ...???? you may get up 2019 for next protest.. until you can continue your sleep	1
Reservation is like another form of terrorism	1
"Prateek Nishant come on be logical and practical, I think you still believe modi's false statement, that baggers are using PoS machine, grow up bhakt"	1
great please remove rahul and make this person congress head	0
Real mother  killed to keep Step Mother alive....To Sudsidise Cash Subsidies....Govt killed Oil Subsidies...foolish part...petrol price reduced and diesel increased....Gujrati or Marvadi Baniya might have balance in a bette way	1
India will  be  100 parsant cashless in 2017	1
"Why Azaan only. It's against the free will of people to install loudspeakers at masjids, temple, gurudwara or church. Religion is a private affair of an individual. No loudspeakers should be allowed at any religious place."	1
"Do u think with current economic situation after de demonetisation , it s good to invest in e commerce like filpkart , where banks are charging high amount during each billing and transaction"	0
"because, I know the truth.  I'm not expecting any award or reward from him. If you have any information share with us. We are ready to learn from you."	0
if you address this question to mr mitesh on power companies like ptc	0
"Hai nelesh bhay may i know more about mahanagar gas limited, the management, growth, and future growth in that sector"	0
"You are doing a good job, deserve a much appreciation"	0
"shift this quote to the national museum -new delhi, we are living never accepts dead quote"	0
U can hold it with shot term tgt 500+ SL 460	0
"Pak seems to deliberately invite Indian Army for a surgical strike to trap our SF . The recent incessant provocation is part of a preplanned trap, to let down us globally. Indian Army Chief must be cautious to undertake yet another  surgical strikes. Strikes r must ...but execute the way beyond their expectations..Of course we can....."	1
Sir you are right but honestly 2000 note is not good to be in market and not even 1000 and 500. Up to 100 is the good idea.	0
Common man is  getting only 2000 from bank spending his whole day......on the other hands news are coming....in places new Rs.2000 notes in crores of rupees are being seized. ...how some people have received new rs 2000 notes in crores of rupees...what is govt clarification for this ...or some favourable section was provided benefits in advance....	1
Namo namo good job I m proud of you are our pm	0
Your past editors are great.you disgust us.without functioning a single day you judge!	1
"Mr. Taroor! Can you explain, Sonia not even fully citizen of India, ruled our India with all powers but accountable to none. Where were you Mr. Taroor? You never questioned her?"	1
So called #GauRakshaks..... Claim that they r protecting 🐄 in d mother #Gaumata.... And dese #Gundaz sell der mother in d market...#Export der mother to the other countries.... when shes of no use for them...... #Shame on dese #Bhakts....	0
Why this man is talking all nonsencse?	1
After very long time people cry by hearts for AMMA....	0
SINDU&SAKSHI we are proud to be an Indian  .	0
What is the use of such report when no one is taking action	0
CPM & chrsity like u r biggest terrorist in nation.... killing hindus in kerala is part of ur strategy if RSS worker killed by ur CPM goons in leadership of vijayan its part of expanding sickularim isn't Mr....	1
Hi Anuj I had jindal steel at 66 before two month now what to do	0
Relience jio is best....but still jio network not covering all area of assam...i think jio would take quick initiative for all place of assam	1
1 love from my side for both and all the players	0
"Manisha we were the only one bullish on crude oil spoken to your sister channel snbc bazaar @32 for 80 to 100 percent returns, topped on Google search with Brent oil Appreciate...Happy 2017 ahead"	0
Let all the antinationalists come together...we will celebrate feast when they lose	1
Hahaha zikr... i m allah. Lets c who gets lynched first. :P	0
"Time come to close JNU  by government.  Why this type of Institute is run by wasting our tax money.  If JNU students have guts then please earn some money then pay your fees.  Why tax payer money wasted.  SHAMEFUL"	1
Terrorism in Gujarat. .. And Gujarat govt failed to act on terrorist  who are responsible for such Terrorism	1
Pakisthan has got no guts to admit any thing true....liars	1
what is this bahubali? dont want to see this movie	0
"Every time  Mr Modi shows his 56 Inches Chest, you people go into a huddle to form the so called ""Mahagathbandhans"" but so far the success had eluded you. Do you know the reason for that?"	1
Why does the govt act as if it is still in the opposition...make changes without pointing out past..	1
Nischay Nishith Shah Splitting of Andra helped someone :P !	0
"This is the time when anti national are exposed. People who are supporting black money hoarder will face action soon. Thank. you Modi ji. Now clear picture is emerging."	1
But congress created cancer in the system that this chest first to be made healthy .	0
10 Useful Windows Commands You Should Know...commands that should be useful even if you’re not a command-line person...even windows -just spend 10 minutes every day -learn slowly -and apply -one day you will become the expert of command prompt -----google search.	1
This gonna happen when you support terrorism in pakistan..pak ll react and ll react with style.	1
Where these tests were taken in jio office I think. I am not getting more than 200 kbps and that during night after 1 am.	1
Ha ha ha but serious matter.	1
Well to think and to do. It's only four our growth	1
Let's admit he is not a status quo PM He thinks and dares to act and face the challenge head on	1
"Doesnt matter ! Though a painful; It is far more better than ur N number of scams. It is bcoz of hon. Dr Manmohan Sigh India witnessed economic growth bt his party was the biggest looter than britishers, vanished India's wealth."	1
if sc st bc mbc have rights to have reservations then Muslims also have rights to have separate reservation since the social status of muslims is lower than bc and mbc. if reservation is not required then give equal free education to all community	1
Shame Shame Frustrated Jobless Sonu Nigam....	1
Is sarad jadav is  fit  for President post? I doubt if true then most  of Indians  will introspect  that in poltics  all is well.about present incubmant  Wii not good choice????	0
MHCB ( Mental Health Care Bill ) has so many lacune but Govt. Passed bill without hearing Indian Psychiatric Society..	0
Pity this woman anything to survive	1
"Duplicate is always a duplicate.. Betrayer Anna .. Anna fooled the nation ..An agent of BJP.. Where is his satyagraha.. Where is Lokpal..."	1
"Advertising is non issue but the way is. About four decades earlier the government was distributing the product free of cost at petty shop, at travelling points and in the offices of ministry of health. Unfortunately the process of family planing discontinued and given up following the aggression being practiced by Mr. Sanjay Gandhi, son of Indra Gandhi during her rule."	1
So is je useless or redundant that he has no power on this decision to make or break?	1
"Disappointed Sonu ,don't think you understand religion ! Go live in the jungles"	1
"What's his intention ....but thanks he gave India honest leaders like Kejriwal, Sisodia."	0
its not pre-planed attack its a real surgical strike of pak army and revenge of kashmris and in the future these surgical strikes will happen untill randian terrorist army leave kashmir	0
India is not to Raghu!!! Too much dependencies is bad..... The show must go On!!!	1
Its fake the site says it crashes try again in 24hours it is bad.@#$%#@$$##	0
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
Only 50? Make it 51 with Modi's head & we will send you Sharif's head as a goodwill gesture. Kool?	1
Hi..what about malu paper share is going down. May I know why..	0
The new Steel Policy will be in place by end of next month: Steel Secy	0
It would be more beneficial if the same money would have spent on players before winning medals in Olympics	0
We all pray for your good health Modi Ji 🙏🙏	0
Someone to slap on his face. And throw chappals on him.. . to make him realise how common people are.Suffering..  because of his incompetency..  he should resign.. he has surrendered the independent nature of rbi to the govt.	0
"Why he won't speak about BJP corruption or those who join BJP and earlier on his side  such Kiren Bedi, VK sing etc it look Anna main aim was to remove congress from power not corruption and lokpal"	1
Actually i feel really bad to heard this type of word.	1
Demonetization helps the market to more business and the double transaction	1
I can also say this it's a natural habit of human. Your thought is very motivational. I am inspired.	0
He is the Dog of BJP	1
By watching the video from marine drive yesterday I feel really shame on our police	1
Come kashmir  i will teach you a real  lesson  you coward	1
Buy JAYBARMARU (Nse code- 1708) @ 363 targets 410 within a month probably. stop loss 330	0
"U are my role model for years  But u lost it in a minute"	1
Kerala is one such state where the bhakts on the way to their anti beef protest venue and return eat beef and porotta just to feel full.	1
Haha top of everything is constitution? Yes madam so true! Now let's follow Indian constitution one rule for all? Y sperate set of rules for Muslims n they practise only that?	1
and we shud also destroy taj mahal... qutub minar ....laal qila aftr that visiters seen only GBRoad vd hvng a fun vd ur neighbours	1
"Yup... Only 1.5 minutes in 5 different masjid, 5 times a day...  And Hindus celebrate festivals daily...  So that you could be disturbed daily...  Right bro..??"	1
"why no loans and help, from, idbi, banks, icici banks n indian banks.?of tiruvannamalai, branch, to myself.? super trade n news."	0
unfollow that kind bad news channel	1
It is difficult to deal with an army who uses jihadi ISIS tactics.We can't create our own fidayeens because we are a civil modern nation	0
Change the headlines u fool.... its millions and not billions	1
If you claim to be an English News Channel ...you need to have panelists who can debate in English language.	1
Seshaiyan said that normal embalming procedure was followed to preserve the body.	0
Nitish you along with George Fernandez made nda. Sahib just come back your fsmily	1
Defence forces still not got 7  CPC	1
"Telangana CMO Government announced Rs 1 crore for Sakshi Mallik ,Rs 50 lakh for Dipa Karmakar and 25 lakhs for Srikanth Kidambi too"	0
@Prateek Chaturvedi you should first become a voter than comment on someone	0
"RJ Noronha ""And let's also ignore the fact that the most developed state in India, Kerala, has a long history of Communism"" In which world? Most developed states in India are Maharashta and Tamil Nadu who have never voted for commies, only place where kerala is ahead is producing cheap labour for gulf. Whats the benefit of education system wid no jobs. On per capita its 11 th and Bengal is 21st with 33 years on uninterrupted communist rule. Own up to your failures"	1
"Dwivedi ji: What do u say for the ex PM Man Mohan Singh. In a way you have said the truth. When government employees retire at 60, there is hardly anything left in them and therefore as a rule they retire. But for the ministers, MP etc. this rule does not apply. Are MPs not public servants. PM Narendra Modi says that he is prime servant of the country."	0
Then why Mamata started Duronto from WB? Did you ask her the same?!	0
How would audience get all the fun ?	0
Riots occurring bcoz people has no faith in police or our judiciary ....Or jealousy & politics...	0
"Whether the countries which are not officially secular, don't respect other religions ?"	0
okay then go and compare.  all bhakt willl happy for your effort	1
"I dont see how.......... This governor is very different from the older ones, he seems to be very slow and dependant rather than new and rational"	0
wow.....rly gr8 day .....thnx fr this news..... Indian Cricket Team is a bunch of loosers......	0
V😂😂😂😂😂😂 BJP news room all yogi n Modi in back ground	0
"The killer of Nirbhaya can roam free, but police killing Muslim boys before proving anything, being Muslim as if, is antinational. If the father accepts the boy, the neighbours will lead the family to choose death, mentally and physically. Ministers also rule with criminal charges here. Bitter truth."	1
I just want ask one qestion..why M B As working as labor in coal mines of india	0
I won't be surprised if 2017 Wud prove historic for Indian films at #Oscars Bahubali is indeed truly an international project and it has every material to win the oscars for the best foreign film .	0
"Good PM let corrupted leaders bark, you keep your word, we are seeing new hope with you"	1
"India retaliates after LoC attack. Army kills 7 Pakistani soldiers, 2 bunkers destroyed."	0
A woman like her should have 10 babies. Her daughter is lucky.	1
U still are a kid to know BJ P and their politics thts all I can say coming in Mercedes does not make a diff if you see im wht cars I travel out here.	1
"Problem lies in the Govt, they have only lied and fooled people."	0
"//KCR has marketed his Bill to hike reservations as a move based on economic criteria claiming that it has nothing to do with religion or caste// KCR has to understand, reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion."	1
"a specific group ( obviously politically biased) in India also , supported Trump's politics during election , even they prayed to God for his win. i hope , every concerned public is understanding my direction. may be they are supporting this killing too. because it comes from the same communal and racist mentality."	1
Viru you have surpassed the boundaries of ignorance	1
"If you are a man of understanding, then only read this or you can ignore my comment. The lack of space for any political dialogue pushes people to take up gun. The likes of Yasin Malik had given up gun in 90's because they were promised a dialogue by India. Unfortunately India has a habit of breaking promises. From Nehru's Plebiscite promise to India's dialogue promise."	1
"if demonetization was implemented without being discussed in parliament ( which is the SOP for any reform, irrespective about corrupted politician ) which Modi thought was right, then why other reform like GST,  abolition of reservation, Janlokpal etc are being kept for discussion in parliament. Comeon see dream, wake-up and pass the bill on your own..."	1
"8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee"	0
"""Dear healers, Damini needs your prayers and healing...! On my part, I have already done healing for Damini on 23-12-2012 [from 8.00 PM to 10.30 PM] and on 24-12-2012 [from 8.00 PM to 9.30 PM]...!"""	0
"Sir. As depression is commonly used term for even a small amount of sadness, can you please elaborate on the difference between Sadness and depression.."	0
Not Prabhas alone...credit should go to the team ...especially Rajamouli	0
best solution is shutdown JNU. no need to waste Indian taxpayers money on this antinationalist student.	1
she is screaming like a pig went under the tyre.	1
HA HA HA ONLY BAKHT ARE BELIVE THIS NEWS ]	1
"🍄 Love You ❤ ABP News ❤  🍄 Add Close •» ABP News   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 EngBot.Tk <3 :o"	0
I have a pulling cart(thella gari)express for this Idiot to throw him in a dumping zone....	1
They are mourning the death of TN CM - Amma !!	1
Does shahid feel the same way???i mean doesn't he want to spend the full day with his daughter???omg!!he thinks misha is a puppy?? :o	1
"Mam give long term view on Reliance, Reliance and Relcapital....."	0
You appear to be extremely happy with the fact that corruption exists in our country despite demonetisation. Strange!	0
Why do you pakistani's roam around on Indian News Chanel Page.  Why are you so much obsessed with India? You have no shame.	1
I didnt notice you were alive when u were the PM and under your nose your party men looted the country.. so now plz rest in peace..	1
Why were you silent when your government was looting the nation for 10 years?	1
Throwing stones at soldiers and manhandling them while in uniform cannot be tolerated.  The soldiers in uniform represent the supremacy of the nation and they deserve to be respected and regarded citizen	0
Pakistan is a terrorist country everyone knew  then  why  Entire do  not  get  united against it and  blot the  name of terrorist.	1
Shashwat Gangwal The pod is finally in India. Isn't this what you suggested for the immigrants in HULT case	0
"CNBC-TV18 well, that s d report part which we all know. Do u have any legitimate solution for buyers??"	0
"Helo mam help about PSU banks like union bank , bob"	0
"i cant figure out india thinking of food as a business since independence excluding "" green revolution "" !"	0
Why is media so biased towards modi ? Showing him bad man... politicians who shouting and abusing Shri modi are black money hoarders why you don't ask questions to them	0
I protest against such underthoughts acts. I cant keep in home i will hv 2 pay to withdraw... Wat?	1
They were muslims and they were not stealing cows but you extremism has killed both of them.. Such a Terror country who owned himself as a democrat  but infact they are extremist .. Such a shame!	1
The view is undemocratic and intolerant .	1
"In a nation which is overpopulated, why the hell do we try to avoid things related to condoms? Customs? Tradition? Don't wanna follow the customs nd traditions which leads to our downfall"	1
Fool. He first confirm what he stating. The remark of DOG made by Khargae an Congrass leader and not Modi. Any way Azam has told the truth that remarks is not correct and he has to tell it Rahul and Akalish since Azam is reported to be powerful leader of SP in UP which had election alliance with Congrass.	1
Waiting for the big bull rally ..Hope to get tom	0
When govt doesn't care about employment then Indians flee to foreign countries for work... We are bound to bear this all	1
"Save cow if have guts bloody haters, Goa Kerala Bengal north east!"	1
Current infra plans may not be enough to meet challenges over a generation: Kapil Kaul	0
Digvijay singh should be sent to pakistan to permanently reside there & keep dialogue with them.	1
It's better to leave this fellow to seat in BJP's chair if he is allowed. Now even Bhakts are not interested.	1
"congress can kill people, purchace media channal, etc etc  ........ u all know that"	1
"Just proves that this Baba is NOT a Godman but just a snake oil salesman, a  charlatan, looking for bloody revenge"	1
These spokespersons take all obligations from their respective parties. They will come out with all sort of talks to defend it. It'll not lead us anywhere. Report report report it so many times that these acts are not forgotten. Lives of our jawans are not that important to these political puppets..	1
"India must come out of gomata,triple talaak,ayodhya.bciz these topics will devide us.India must b united,should b an developed nation."	1
american dental association recommends the news for best dental care award	0
Navratri n ganesh speakers r only for some counting days baby....This azaans are perminent	1
"BJP creates Audiences for him... through their Media agencies.  He's dancing on the tunes of BJP... bcz AAP exposed BJP's EVM fraud."	1
"He just created a controversy to be in limelight and coverage otherwise this is as useless as ""EA"" in the word ""TEA"""	1
"Problem will solve wait, this is a biggest issue, once we have suffer"	1
This guy is out of work.  His wife is a khan.  Biwi ki dukaan bhi bnd karaye ga	1
BJP if you want again bjp government in future than do something  of pakistan	1
"Mohamed Sakhir Carry on with such fake secular stories. We also read in newspapers and TV channels by way of censoring secular violences and not reporting and debating.If it makes you happy, then nothing more to comment about."	1
Hi Soniya Any Special News Announcement in Jet Airways ??? Stock is going in Jet Speed in today's Market.	0
"Just unlike the page then.... Bloody Ni***r"	1
you have only seen one part of clarke	1
Don't worry Pakistani people our MP already order to defence chief to take 2nd surgical strick	1
"Good cm future in your hand sir  Please .my proper place Rajahmundrey sir I have no job sir please help mee sir"	0
You r screwing up our country.... first control corruption of your own leaders...... venkayyanaidu is one of the most corrupted leaders.... stop them first and talk about progress.... idiotic modi	1
sonia is only bothered about her pay ... who cares for poor investors	0
Appreciate CNBC to keep us updated. Nice coverage by Sonia.	0
We hv discussed same many times sir. U want to see only one.. which depict u r bhakt of tht one.. u dont want to change.. hw can u  expect other to  change.. my views about you wil remain same for same behaviour:-) freedom for all:-)	1
Are they warning in some other warn on the issues to come over this new product?	1
"A : Ask your citizens or any school children instead of asking foreigners for advice.  1) Phase out use of fossil fuels. 2) Extensively use Solar Panels. 3) Water harvesting structures. 4) Introspect Lobbying by Petro & coal industries. 5) Ban plastic on products lesser than 10 rupees. 6) Improve Infrastructures, Public transport, increases taxes on private vehicles by 200%"	0
Simply denying is not sufficient they have to ensure these beggars should not enter in our territory .	1
We should learn synonym of all the words from this man ;)	0
Kejriwal is a great person who is daring to face the allegations of opposite.  U should be proud to Kejriwal and work for his party strength.	0
Only pigs can admire the capabilities of piggy army of pigistaan(pakistan)	1
"upto large extent it can be resolved,bt v cant say it on this basis only there r several determinants that needs to be taken into consideration..."	0
Its an alarm to crores of people. And it will last only 2 minutes and no harm. Its not hurt like Sonu Nigam's and many new generation singers songs with horrible and terrible music in public places.	1
Secularism is the most misused word used in India by greedy politicians for political gains	1
"You are given many Constitutional protections...However, reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion."	1
All that licking is needed to clear off his foundation from fraud case pending in SC	0
There is something like go pro which is attached to helmets	0
"Yes, you have the right to protect cows... By spending money and buying them. Thats what you would do if you really cared for the cows, instead of trying to stop people from using their animals..."	1
"Boss, me personally has involved with this dirty business with many doctors as a medical representative."	0
Disgusting to see how a corporate stoops to a level to use its might chair and power to fight a man .. sad	0
"national security is in danger due to face currency, funding to terrorist group by anti national elements and our neighbouring enemy countries as a patriotic Indians we should ready to tolerate this type of small problems"	0
Puppies should be left alone? ?😠	1
Well we should keep in mind Baba's word Saurabh Pandey	0
Good .congratulations to our senior Advocate and to madam Sushma swaraj	0
"Don't worry, indian army too won't mutilate pakistan soldiers bodies.......third party would do this..."	1
Very Good and Daring Decision Sir.. Hats off to NDA..	0
"Minimum balance is 5000 to 10k How it is affordable to rural people?"	1
our President has no history like modi who kills thousand Muslims in gujrat	1
Amanmani  is a culprit. 4 political milage he is trying 2patch up with adiyanath. Let's c what he does.	1
"Commi is against democracy , it's as simple as that"	1
Will metals rally for sometime now	0
"If you think what the airline company did was WRONG, share this."	0
"first pass the bill for RTI on political funding , u will come to know who has black money"	1
Yogi adithyanadh is going to become the greatest leader of all time. He is going to make UP great again.	1
"now it has become destiny of indian soldiers. so we should stop crying now. we cant do anything , we are just helpless."	0
U left he came in pantry car coach..	1
"Mohamed Pasha  Years (say before 100 years) loud speaker was not used before Azan. Why should it be used now ?"	1
"Priyanka, Dimple Posters Mark Debut Amid Talks Of SP-Congress Alliance"	0
Kashim was part of India befor ISLAM was born and it will be part of India after pakistan is merged with India.	1
Hahaha those who argue modi the coward man to do something are world foolish peoples. Modi can killed only unarmed innocent Muslims in india. He can't thing even in dream to face pakistan now.	1
"Don't try the senseless northi tricks in kerala , 95% kerala people eat beef , the more you push the more we eat it ."	1
Calling Erodgan sir and calling Modi Feku. True colors of a fundamentalist Muslim. You must be the next ISIS member. Go to Syria and fight. What are you doing in India?	1
The high handedness of such politicians speaks of their character . The person who can create a scene for not getting Executive class seat can commit any crime if allowed to travel in general class in train .They are not fit for representing Indian people who are poor in general .	1
NO he is RSS MCD BJP AGENT	1
I don't agree with Mr Singhvi ... Good that Ratan Tara is back under present circumstances ..... . ..	0
@hanif. Please make better use of the Rs/- 500 you get from Pakistan. Fund this guy's ☝ English Language coaching classes. 😂 😂 😂	0
"Abhay singh had never killed a mosquito, and not even a micro germ while brushing in the morning #respect"	0
Ashish kr I have talked of cyber crime and not of criminal taking money physically after withdrawing from the bank. Don't negate an idea by foolish example even without understanding an issue.	1
Paid social activist by bjp	1
Keep control on words. Talk in a decent language. It seems the success of Modi has gone to his head. Cool down & keep your feet on mother earth. Do not fly you will come down very fast	1
"Let Govt stop the manufacturer, and the product and initiate the rules and regulations.. Until manufacturers of all sort of health related products are produced,, the users also will be there.. If alcohol and tobacco is stopped producing everything will stop automatically.. But it's not possible by any government.."	0
MadamG....plz ask Ambani regarding missing  money....he will answer you better	1
What do you have to say that is rbi going to give its numbers after all demonetized notes and how do you see the market after the earning season	0
Ye To AK47 ka bhi BAAP hey...Sab Se Bada Nautankibaj ...He knows AAP is gonna be NO MORE in couple years ...hence he started shifting gears early..!?😀😜	1
This time your post is much more positive then previous one Sir @udayan mukherjee :D	0
"India will respond by killing 10 Paki soldiers, do TATTI on quran... then take a selfie while doing TATTI on Quran..... and then come back to India without TATTI or Quran."	0
How the Aam Aadmi Party picture changed from 2014 to 2015 and 2016. A status check on the unhappy leaders	0
"But I don't think Modi, Amit Shah and  Jaitly  team will allow her  to be a minister for a long time.  Now that Advani and Joshi are more or less out from the candidature from President election due to ayodhya case she may be given a chance as an eye wash"	1
"#WWE #RoyalRubmle  You don't want to miss out on the special event. We have some good news for you guys"	0
Hafeez led Pakistan to their first win on the tour of Australia with a six-wicket win in the second ODI of the five-match series.	0
Because you are so well fitted in your white sanghi avtar.anyway aap is piece of shitt  too	1
"Totally agree... No loud speakers for religious deeds... Lets do this together bro."	1
Planning to do a documentary film on how builders thugs a common men like you & me need advise.	1
OMG violence against women is a historical fact and also a world wide phenomenon. Movies only show what already exist in society. . 😣	0
"I really thought India would head the world in the 21st century. .. and we are, just that sadly, it's back to the 17th century.."	0
"Baba, don't expect this from this Government. We are having 2nd largest army and our soldiers are being be headed. We can't understand this. Learn from Israel."	0
U missed out telengana government cash reward for sakshi malik	0
Congrats India. British Empire empire occupied India for 200 years. There is speculation or conspiracies that British Empire used India's wealth to fund partially the Industrial Revolution.	0
Yes to 2nd world war and Modi	1
"#CurrencyCheck | Rupee touches 68.80/$ in early trade, currently off lows on dollar selling by state-owned banks. Manisha Gupta in conversation with Bhaskar Panda of HDFC Bank"	0
Let's just Science. Screw the rest.	1
Or rather shouldn't be allowed to	1
In Kolkata really to asked be available either by govt or by local arrange or petrol pump or hospital near to shealdha station to avoid rail failure	1
"It's time now ..that Central Banks, International organizations, g20, United Nations , Inter-American Development Bank, European Commission, European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund , International Finance Corporation should start to adopt a New Politic , coordinate their operations and act together with all worldwide Heads of State .. please take a look :  http://economicsandpolicy.blogspot.it/2013/03/what-europe-should-do.html"	0
So it's might be something like gujrath riot's??	1
"Great work Megha Vishwanath  U guys look like the dynamic duo. Keep rocking 😊"	0
Where is the attack  here? Has IE gone insane ?	0
The government can provide electricity subsidy to the institutes producing renewable energy	0
"uffff people r insane really.....so wat if he posted wat he thinks ?....none of anyone else's business....his thinking his mentality his post .....watever...,comeon guys everyone has a right to make complain for noise pollution ...y people r creating this a political or religious issue I really dont understant .....!!!"	1
"Congratulation Indians u won . This is only just the stay order's. Doesn't matter court didn't said that he is innocent.  And second thing he is still in our jail. Remember how sarbijit Singh died in jail. It can happen to him also. So don't be happy."	1
"Unbelievable! This is worse than the British Raj!  What makes a Neta..who is ""elected"" by us - the people..to lead us..humiliate any one!!  All Airlines should blacklist.  Gunda raj should NOT be tolerated. Doesn't this guy have a family ? Wife? Mother? Kids?  What do they have to say about his ""behavior""??"	1
Jawarlal Nehru could have easily captured Occupied Kashmir But instead went to UN and complicated the wholle matter after getting advice from lady Mount batten If India had captured in 1947 the problem would not have remained plus the Congress has ruined the nation by Defence scams.It present under Narendra Modi India is worlds biggest arms importer and is growing from strenght to strength Pakistan will be given a very Good lesson this time	0
Mistry syphoned lot of revenue to his own company Sapporo and paloonji and also miss management with corus.	0
"our railway minister is a CA, Delhi CM is an engineer. for the failures of railways you blame the minister (and not the CA) and for the failure of Delhi to prosper you blame the CM (not the engineer). similarly a CMO might be a doctor but he is on an administrative post. Hope it helps. sorry i wont come down to your level. ""When you fight with a pig you both get dirty, but the pig actually likes playing in the mud"""	1
Wondering why Educated Ambassador is struggling to pay through Credit/Debit at a Decent Restaurant! Cant imagine that diplomat of a Developed nation is not having a Card and he needs Cash only for Dinner.	1
Thomas Kuruvilla Baven BJP is creating an image with illiterat hindus that their religion is in danger is only a vote gathring strategy.	1
"closest ally of argentina -brazil ,uragual , paraguay ,venenzuela, u.s ...so hero can sell in those countries ---> ""better not too late hero motors """	0
Ahmad ji you are absolutely right.  Anna is not talking about Gau Raksha case. And other thing don't  worry about these bhakts.  Because they are blind. They can't see what is happening or what may happen.	1
Reliance is cheater.....they made billions via insider trading....... avoid the cheater	1
Most Hindus are good people despite Modi trying to turn them in to bigots what is wrong with this has been washed up guy ???	1
"We are just ahead because of Brexit...else considering the standard of living, amenities by Govt, per capita income, interest rates, exchange rate...we are nowhere near to any top economy in this world...secondly GDP depends a lot on gross production n consumption which is bound to be more in India due to population factor hence driving GDP"	0
we don't fear anyone we are not slave of any masters because turkey has no colonial HISTORY like Indian worshiping trump and eroupian union	1
Through dialogue it can't be resolved...it can be resolved only with the help of Forces.....	1
A shame that he hosted Erdogan in India; a leader who is anti-India.	1
"Exactly what I said sir, in your equation 600,000 is the no of order in a second and 22,500 are the total seconds.. So in your equation there are a sum total of 13.5 billion orders and 291 is just the amount of each order..... Which when multiplied by 13.5 billion gives 3,92,850 crore."	0
Soniya.. whats your expectation from today's FOMC meet? Hike is certainly not on cards but how do you expect yellen's commentary?	0
"wake up cnbc ....you are in dream .....author ( me)famous writer of ""my best dream girl "" --> literary award -booker prize pending , noble prize for literature -pending"	0
"This year 70 women bikers draped in traditional nauvari saris took to the streets at Girgaum, Maharashtra for a bike rally an it was quite a sight!"	0
"Our netas will do kadi ninda , they don't have guts to take action, we understand they are not man enough, in next meeting u will see our netas  in saree and bangles"	1
Anna hazare is a big cheater. He is none now.	1
"After Demonitisation,  can the government give a clear quantum of black money that got into banking system and the quantum of black money that is either destroyed or converted into black money under new notes"	0
And what this man did when he was CM? He didn't spare the grass meant for cattles. He is supposed to have looted 1000 crores worth fodder and is a convicted criminal on bail.	1
Industry & trade can adapt better if GST implementation is delayed: Harsh Mariwala	0
"Even if you want, where is the strength. Hypocrisy at its peek"	1
"Sonu Nigam please get checked by doctor for loss of composure and patience,remember the days when you were new and struggling to make a mark   in the industry, u used to sing rafi saab songs, just no that he was a muslim and you are here today bcoz of him.just remember this and don't get carried away.love you brother."	1
if they not then their Image will be  further deteriorated	1
"Hurry! !  Register yourself on below link with your mob. No. And get the free worth recharges for that mobile no.  Its 100% true, try it.  http://ultoo.com/login.php?refererCode=302602E&flag=hide"	0
Boycott all sonu bloodys song from now ok all from India	1
Rohit Khanna we will bring Rahul instead of this egoist or  will give a last chance to that European. I think it is better right?	0
"It's a stupid thing, to see every single thing in a communal angle."	0
We must not forget that startup is well supported and started by Modi Government which is Great Government with fantabulous Governance	0
"The main and most hated product of pakistan is terrorism. so who need it?"	0
Again this paper showed its bias.shiv sena  could not win b.m.c  as they have 84 and b.j.p. has81 corporate elected.Bjp has a jump of 50 seats more than the last election and ss has only 9 more  seats this time. Then who has won.	1
India and media was wrong to trust you	1
Employees of Financial services will never be able to celebrate new year 😀😀😀	0
Ask 100 people what their jio phone number.. not even 10 guys remember.. Jio is gonna close down the day it starts billing..	1
"Aqsa Kashmiri# whom are u trying to convince, they are the people who even don't know how to respect a women.... Shameless"	1
There is one more aspect on road safety  which is how people are getting driving license without even having a knowledge of traffic laws. This should also be given a thought.	1
"This man is totally useless. He is highly arrogant and is very hungry for publicity. He along with Adhia, Arvind Subramaniyam duly empowered by PM and FM have derailed Indian economy."	1
"Nope , why shud they report that?? #paidmedia"	0
"Also according to her feminists who are ""aggressive"" are comparable to Nazis. Does she even know who Nazis were and what happened during the Holocaust? Is she really comparing ""aggressive feminism"" to genocide?"	1
He should be thrown out of parliament this kind of Iragonce is unjustified a law maker Kill's the law boot him out of parliament	1
Wish i were born in Kerela <3 heaven for all the rational minded people	0
"💥Part Time JOBS  🔰 earn daily 500/-to2000/- 🔰 No Registration Fees  🔰 No Hard Work  🔰 Govt. certified company 🔰 if you want to join?   🔰 type ""JOIN"" and        send it to whatsapp   🔰 WhatsApp num:       +919729460094"	0
"If you have complaints against other loudspeakers early morning, they also need to be following law within decibel limits and timings"	1
It is bold and beautiful for the top 1 percent of the country.	0
Its ok baba g . They will claim to kill 100 soon.. we dont get even a scratch by claiming of your army.	0
I will say LED bulb distribution scheme should go upto villages too	0
Since 9500CE HAS 2nd highest OI and support at 8800/ 8700 .So is it better to be a BULL for short term even before election?	0
Should it post good results since Federal gave good results..south based bank	0
Let the markets bottom out then buy in January 2017	0
"Lol, good observation Nitin and I agree with you but Azaan is actually 'given', not 'sung'."	1
"Bot On Fire 💙 Powered By 💙 Md Adnan 💙   Self Site <3 Faxt.tk <3 Site By 💚 Usama Ahmad 💚"	0
"""American English"" is actually a correct term. There is American English, just as there is British English, Canadian English, Australian English, and others.... although it's a bit redundant to use the term ""American English"" when referring to the official language of the United States. http://www.aranchodoc.com/different-types-of-english/"	0
All negative comments coming from one particular section of people...we can understand your pain	1
"Hi Anuj & Soniya, your long term view in JAMNA Auto & Sadbhav Engineering pls"	0
Has Tata Motors bottomed out? Any surge expected from here?	0
"Mr seghwag, you have lost fan following  in  anti nationals now dont loose bhakts, nationalists as well😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀😀"	1
What abt making medical seats affordable? Is there a nexus between MCI and private Medical colleges?	0
Prithvi Setty ohhhh.....lathi charge is the democracy you are talking about ??.... and you should be from AD4000.....right	1
The lorry carrying the bike is running a little late M telling you guys	1
Both drivers get charged n License got cancelled by respective RTO	0
Its nt hindu state its demortc state u cnt hold any right u r equal undr law joke wt hindus wnt ha to c women body without bukha wt did u wnt thn y u r protctsng agains5 burkha... for indian independnce many muslium fought k mr its nt ur country its evryone's country who are staying here idiott...	1
Stop all loudspeaker propagating religion in odd times	1
stop midnight parties early to bed and early to getup  then azaan or temple bell early m.ning will not iritate you maka ladilla	1
I am a big fan of Modiji but what about the BJP leaders who have a plenty of black money like....	1
"PM sahab clearly said they cant bring lokpal bill, but can bring all anti people finance bill lots of tax and zero transparentcy on political fund"	1
Indias success story is over just b happy that others r also suffering!	0
Dipak Haksar is son of former ITC chief Ajit Haksar.He is also nephew of former distinguished bureaucrat late P.N.Haksar.	0
"RBI says the fake money amount in our country is around 400cr.and the RBI holds around 62lkh.cr as asset .so how much percentage it is ? public is not favouring the blk marketeers. but we are strongly opposing this tortuous and hooligan decision which I affraid has been taken to protect the ambanis and adanis and hindujas.  I hope they are not on que to draw 4k."	0
"As a nascent company to Grand Indian pride,I am proud as Thirupathian  and happy to be associated with my college mates working with Amaron lasting relationships.Thanks Ramana Prasad Alam and Vijay naidu Galla.Great going.Awesome."	0
And only all of us can make Our India 1 by choosing Sir Mr Modi ji as our PM	0
Sir maruti can buy for long term after result aur wait for correction	0
"That Mrs Indira Gandhi taken permmion from parlament  That time BJP had 1 seat Janata dal n BJP was against   East pakistan n west pakistan. If that time you was ap peon in RSS office"	1
"If smriti irani can offer bangles to Manmohan for that tragic attack, Yes I have the right to offer Modi bangles and even Bra😂😂😂😂."	1
"Bro, 10 lakh kashmiri pandits were made refugees overnight in their own homeland,"	1
"Abolition of poverty , giving employment & containing radical Marxist ideology"	0
MLAs come dime a dozen. Its a shame that this creature could not respect a woman or a police officer or a human being. Maybe if a stray cow was on the road he might have acted more respectfully.	1
"Who is this Shirish Kunder? Looks like all the people-who-matter have shunned Indian Express that in utter desperation it is catching hold of any Tom, Dick and Harry who would give it a sound byte.  It's the bottom to which this once- respected paper has stooped to."	1
IS TRANSPARENCY THERE....IS ANY COUNTRY UNTOUCHED WITH CORRUPTION....? CAN E SEE...?	0
"Congratulations!........met you once at Tussauds studio many years ago, when you were looking into waxworks. I was busy making them!"	0
"Who are ashamed of him, chamchas of keeji."	1
Indian Express who u r to decide this...this is not your work	1
Sonu Nigam was not having currently at his home my god are in which slum area does he stay that he is not having a coloured nowadays in small society is also there are generators and inverters and a singer like Sonu Nigam is that there is no current at his home you didn't pay your bill or what or do you stay in some slum area in jhopadpatti nowadays in slum area there is a inverter	1
Will kpr mill can go above its buy back price of 660	0
Indian government needs to stop blaming all it's self inflicted problems on it's neighbors. This sounds like the work of people angry at being occupied.	1
"no, In past years if they thought of nation our country could have achieved much better status.they are like indian team they think of their own benifit."	1
Manish Vats can you explain on the basis of what facts and data you mentioned whole India is with Modi. Who are you reply on behalf of whole India?	1
This guys competing with Ducati Diavel i guess >>>? All the best BAJAJ	1
bjp n congress  r chips of the same block..	1
Love you salman best of luck for your movie.....	0
When Akrabuddin Owaisi publicly said that he could kill all Hindus in a span  of ten minutes time there was not much outrage. Now why is  so much outrage against Sonu Nigam who said that he is not a Muslim and doesn't want to get disturbed by the noise of loud speakers ?	1
He has lost his leadership in States...better to concentrate on that!!	1
Cyrus Investments & Sterling Investment Corporation file petition against trustees of Tata Trust & directors of Tata Sons	0
We just killed 7 of your mughal blooded barbarians. It's not even a beginning.	1
I'm glad they are highlighting the fact that other countries also have restrictions on their borders.	0
"Change your paper name to Pakistan express, there are many important issues don't promote porki beggars"	1
Suvodip is indian PM is best in world lolz this feku modi cant even able to reduce price for fuel even after its been reduced in world market such a idoit is no1 PM lolz	1
"Shubham Srivastava Yatish Kaushik  Praveen Singh The hell are you guys?  And what are you guys doing out there? Have a look at this video."	1
"First fall who gave permission for the college 🏫,  which is unfinished standing on bricks, no cement work done"	1
Plz don't show this news repeatedly. We are getting tension.....	0
"Operating Ratio is down and we are coming out with glass topped carriages.Logic!  What more this Rail Minister happens to be the star performer."	0
"By the way, he has tweeted about temples and gurudwaras too. Only if you could read more that just the headlines :)"	1
Coward Government failed in all the corners of security for its soldiers. Shameless guys can maximum protects cows not its dedicated soldiers.	1
"Sonu nigam is facing mentally problem's So ignore this guys"	1
"YES, ANNAJI, YOU  are betreyed by your owns, sharing stage with you at your agitation Period, Use your Pious symbol Topi, Taking  advantage of your famous personality"	1
"Something will be better than Nothing, if Prudent."	0
"Story of the sme going online is an eye opener , the eay internet technolgy is changing business is done...gr8t"	0
"The Indian Express tracks a food packet, from the kitchen to the berth."	0
Heading should be..Owaisi huge loss..pseudo secularism rejected. 😂😂	1
Every one supported the PM move. Concentrate 30th Dec 2016 no nonsense please. People supported DEMONETIZATION now just proof you are correct. No buttering and chamchagiri. People should not suffer beyond a limit	1
Did she use her dress as a parachute to land on ground?	1
@udayan mukherjee Sir we can see from other angle that this is the opportunity for India to take right steps to become super power	0
"Anna please be away from politics, Your bloody anshans very much damaged congress reputation, and you forget all your goals, you are totally directionless  better enjoy old age :)"	1
Uncle your religion came into existence just 2000 years ago our is here for last 10 thousand years if we had hatred we wouldn't have existed this long	1
"Oh do you know where osama bin laden has been found ??  Who started taliban  in 1992 ??  Even your x President musarraf excepted that they sponsored terrorism and osama is your hero"	1
Lol...hope people get latest news on tax and demonitization exemptions of political parties.... Oh u Modi bhakts	1
I hold the PM in high regard and admire him but cannot forgive him for backtracking on his promises to the armed forces on OROP	0
"Not only presstitutes sir, our libtards leaders and sickuliar people tooo"	1
"Pity the people of Pakistan. They beleive in whatever lies their army and government peddles. Sartaz Aziz himself said in the parliament that we don't have any evidence against Jadhav. Based on a doctored heavily edited video under coercion,you beleive him to be a spy"	1
"Who is yogiji. Accused in rioting, attempt to murder and lot more"	0
Bro keralites eat a lot of beef... There they even sell on thelas and serve beef on green leaf...all mallus eat beef irrespective of their religion	0
Actual they wants to join BJP for MLA and MP	1
Can IT sector MFs be bought instead of Mindtree or Wipro?	0
At least ..some body have some gut's who have a courage to change something who never did in the history in favour of our country .. admiring personality Mr modi.	1
"It's wrong decision of FM, his decision of taxing FII s is bad, investment in equity create employment to our people, every country trying to attract them, our FM is acting differently bad luck to us"	0
"This is not only happening in that route....This is happening in all the routes and has to be inspected and speed controller has to fitted in every bus... Hope all RTO would take steps to control these things..."	0
"NEVER BUY ANY BAJAJ AUTO PRODUCT ESPECIALLY MOTORCYCLE MODEL V-15  THEIR PRODUCTS ARE DEFECTIVE  THEY HAVE A VERY LOUSY CUSTOMERCARE MANAGEMENT WHERE COMPLAINT AGAINST ANY DEALER  GOES BACK TO THE SAME DEALER TO RESPOND  CMON BAJAJ AUTO U CAN DEFINITELY HAVE COMPANY PERSON TO TAKE UP THE MATTER WITH DEALER"	1
Kerala is the best in india . If u dont know that ask somebody who knows about kerala . Or browse in internet .... Dnt b sooo smart mr.	0
It's real bro.....I know that TMC has done the tit for tat things before but this one is genuine	0
"I think this guy is having a bad memory,he doesn't know demonatisatiion took place in 1978 n Cong black money was wiped out"	1
"""Surgical Strike"" by Pakistan Army 2 indian soldier killed.  SnakeEagle Pakistan Defence Command"	0
THIS IDIOT DOESNOT KNOW THAT PRESIDENT IS FAR MORE STRONG THAN ANY OTHER FORM OF RULE.	1
"Yes sir. That, of course will happen. When cow become President, PM, CM, MP, MLA and human loiter on road foraging for food, dying after swallowing plastic."	1
He is totally mad..due to No earnings.so please let him leave some peace.	1
we are in railway station ...wave the green flag sherin .......	0
POSITIONAL BUY JPASSOCIATE ON EVERY DECLINE 13.00-10.50-7.50-5.50 FOR TARGET 36 AND 56 (TIME FRAME 2-3 YEARS)	0
"Instead regulate existing cars with stricter emission checks and ban diesel passenger vehicles, that would be enough"	0
"Tension prevailed in the village when the police dismounted the loudspeaker from the temple on Ram Navmi after the Muslims objected to its use.  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10154868919463580&id=111445058579"	1
"ATM withdrawal limit could have been fixed at Rs.5000/= per day and exchange limit could have been fixed at Rs.10,000/=. This would have  helped the people in urban areas to manage the transition more smoothly and with lesser pain."	1
read the same quote -2 years back  ......brany  let have beer  man .........refresh the summer with carlberg beer in virgin airlines	0
"Stupid people, u need to leave Pakistan and surrender yourself with Indian Army, so you can live, live in future."	1
IT industry is on the verge of an exponential change: Mukesh Ambani	0
Whenever a country is based on helping the poor people.. god only should save that country.. it should be for the upliftment of the poor.  No deep thinking.  Only superficial..	1
60 years passed . Congress give birth of black money. Now time to kill it.	1
Bollywood should promote to make women centric films to stop objectifying female to strengthen the thought process of the youth and not just about body. It's a need to glorify many live examples there where a woman has lead the complete mass for the excellence to show she is no more less than a man but where she is less it's with a proper reason of nature. But fake feminism should also not rise.	0
U need to get matured enough so sad	1
First of all India will declare the trarist country to Pakistan n shut off all diplomatic relationship	1
Dats a disgusting comment....I was brought up by a working mom and she didn't treat me like a puppy....not everyone is born wid a silver spoon in their mouth....wat rit does she have to insult feminism?	1
"I was never ever a RSS or BJP supporter... But the way aaptards & congies talk, i feel that RSS & BJP must be doing something very good"	0
Every day dear with full voice	1
What about Tata motors.. Has there been over reaction.. What's your view	0
Severance agreed to be paid when Rajiv Bansal left was Rs 17 cr but he was actually paid Rs 5 cr: Infosys Chairman	1
"people like vijay mallya and bank officers who entertain his fake figures deserve to be in jail particularly when they looted thousands of crores from banks. His is a worst form of management particularly when other airlines are still afloat, his went to dust."	1
royal enfield please come up with a 2k cc engine	0
Illness? Didn't modi said that surgery was done because our economy was healthy?	1
ICICI had assisted Akanksha Foundation in its early years for its developmental projects to the underprivileged . Wishing success to the organisation  in their endeavours !	0
Beware of bjp dirty political tactics they did in goa😂	1
"MS Dhoni, Ajinkya Rahane and KL Rahul opted to bat at the nets while Virat Kohli and most of the others players skipped the practice session."	1
Sonia mam...you are the best anchor in CNBC-TV18 after udyan Sir	0
Baahubali 2 does not only speak of the grandeur of Indian cinema but also shows the imagination power of SS Rajamouli who deserves all claps: InUth	0
Wife is not meat.. Meat doesn't have its right but wife has.. You can choose meat to eat or not but you can't just throw your wife if you are married..	1
"8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee"	0
INDIAN express is now BELOW STANDARD	1
"Eric Lopez insults are your best reference? Those other 'cultures' did not and do not demand that others take on or submit to their culture. Islam does and destroys those that refuse.  Mohamed demanded all Kafirs submit or die.  Oh look no insults just truth but to Islam that is insults."	1
Anna miyaa... aap shaadi karlo Kiran bedi see... you are such a nonsense person.. you are playing a clear double game.... you are truly shameless.... Mr Arvind kejrewal is way way better politician than others... but still you are supporting CORRUPTED &COMMUNAL  BJP	1
"I am too  ;) He didn't joined"	0
That's for sure I can put my Shirt on the horse	1
Just wait and see. We will respond very hard this time at our place and time.	1
ye ninda kon hai benchod mujhe mil jaye to machod  du iss ninda ki	1
Questions seem to be longer or confusing. Make it short and crisp.	0
As a daughter of an engineer I love seeing how products are made in factories!! Keep up the great work!	0
"Killing people is in his blood. He was also mentally challenged in his teens."	1
"Asrar, I said all religions. See I have problems with anyone using loudspeakers be it temple or mosque. Be it azan aur Navratri. 2 wrongs don't make a right. If anyone want to pray, he/she can very well go into his or her religious premise. If he or she wants to pray at home, use technology. I have problems with 5 minutes azan and 5 days of Hindu festival loudspeakers."	1
"Over reacting....!!  Why should we reward them extra penny?  Just think, if we invest same amount for training we will get few more medals next time."	0
"Ok. . . Use those money for Infra projects. You should sit on Metro projects.  Government is going back 15 years to Vajpayee to sit on highway projects. Then it was quite right. Time has changed.  You should sit on Metro projects big time."	0
you terrosit coem from Arab do not have rightt os peka on India ok.	1
This would end in near future just go with this kind of politics ... You are moving a pendulum in one direction take it to the farthest point and believe me one day this pendulum would revert back to its original position.	1
you need to study law before saying anything to Indian express	1
"Aijaz Faruqi  What is the website name f169? Lol and you believe in them... I understand ur too much smart"	1
"Mr. Sun you are wrong, Pakistan produces one thing that is ' terrorists' and through CPEC Pak will increase the supply of this product throughout world. Wait you will feel the touch of their product in your Muslim dominated province."	0
....Modi never regretted for heinous crime done by him.          Thank God he does not have family	1
"Shahzeb Hassan remember 1971 war, when 91000 dumbos surrendered?"	1
"Why don't they rent platforms for residential purpose on leave n license basis....😜😜 They can also set up tents and cottages and provide luxury amenities..."	1
Anti Muslim sonu. You are a fool. You end is nearing. So you became anti Muslim. You will lose everything and beg in front of Masjid.	1
Many muslims in India name only Muslim but they dont know anything about Islam	1
My family is hardworking unlike your family. They will not take even a paisa for free.	1
"NDTV u stand accused of traitory .. During Uri attack Does it make ny sense,?"	0
If u cAn't change any things and even don't want to support a person who work for change so u don't have any rights to comment anything wrong :I support  change I support my PM	1
Then why not restrict it to terrorists. Do you mean terrorists have bank accounts and there is no KYC for that.	0
Now i would love to see the 56 inch chest of Modi Zee😂	1
"Oh Pak army or should say porki hijada army whose country didn't excepted the bodies of their dickless coward army during kargil war,army which submitted infront of Indian army in 1971 and east Pakistan became Bangladesh...And hijada army couldn't even save school childrens from merciless killings and Indian forces really  reached Lahore in 1965.."	1
"But ""  I'll be right to join BJP"" - says Anna Hazare."	0
Police said about a dozen others who suffered injuries are being treated in the hospital.	0
250 meter enters inside the Indian tertiory Isy ghus k Marna kehty hen or kind of surgical strike I think ur solders are responsible for this propaganda why they are sleeping during duty??? Na khilao pani wali dall  tu na hoga ye hall	0
"Have u read the article, it speaks that due to pay commision the impact will be on railways ..which termed in stad of 16 years.and u without understanding started posting hatred towards central govt , suresh prabhu as it is run my modi....come out of ur hatred annd communal mindset...grow up..high time"	1
Riya Biswas who is saying there's silence for one? If there is then the silence is for the poor victims which muzzrats burnt in that train. And the world doesn't care about when the victims react to the oppressor. Muzzrats started it	1
Huge rigging is planned by BJP	1
What about  dhoni... Even it is an international event... Dont bark dogs... This is the problem of  our sports management	0
"Why did 'honest' PM allow dishonest men to loot exchequer? - In 2009, Manmohan responded to the charge of being a weak PM and dynasty's doormat by giving it back to LK Advani. At Fridayâs (3 January 2014) press conference, when confronted with the public perception that his stewardship of India has been disastrous, he lashed out at Narendra Modi instead. http://ow.ly/2CGLHB"	1
Rss is 3 time ban terrorist organization	1
"Early to rise and early to sleep makes man happy and healthy and he is angry with Azaan which alarms him to rise early."	1
"On the occasion of International women's day,  I congratulate to all women of the world and wish them a very happy, healthy, progressive  and bright future. Let we all respect  the  women for their key role in the society as well as their directly and indirectly contribution for overall developments of the nation.Happy Women's day.. feel the power of Naari Shakti.."	0
"Looking at comments section, I am convinced that pro demonetization people are unbiased just because their intelligence..."	1
BJP will get votes on the back of black money crackdown: Rahul Bajaj	0
"instead of going to nearby place and talk to dem u jst tweeted and outburst prevailing bad situation .u shldnt do dat..."	1
Human protection and not cow protection please...	0
Want doctors to prescribe a drug that is affordable & of good quality: IMA President	0
No matter what world think. These potystani love their terrirists. Plz ask them where usa killed osama. They will denay it too	1
Already he lost his leftover respect and public image. no need of further drama	1
"👸 🌞8-| ⚡ вoт👳 powered😞 вy😚 Dj💂 Nahid🌵 Mirja     ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥      Vishal Koli Site ≈»            ~={ Web-3.tk }=~"	0
"Thats why you gave 2 stars. Once anti ppl, always anti ppl."	1
Why did you missed in last 12 years ?	0
There is clear cut polarisation of votes in UP and it is not good for demovracy.	0
Who is this f**king idiot	1
This is the India. And. Achhe din	1
Yeah and u will decide for sm1 to what to wear and what not. Blockhead.	0
Its tons of porn with unlimited  assess thro mobile ...	0
What the hell. how can they compare a bad looking expensive bike with bold and beautiful Enfield.	1
Ok time and our paid media cant digest Modi popularity. What next. Bring it on.	0
"Sir. Private bank atm only use withdraw  2000rs.but. No change 100,50 bus travel 5rs to10rs 50,100ticket price"	0
Will the fmcg sector get re rated coz of GST cmg soon ?	0
Cyrus Mistry files petition under Section 241 & 242 of Companies Act	0
Dear government....if you don't act now...you will start losing people's confidence.....its high time our sentiments are reciprocated	1
Best of luck go to Banglore	0
"What about everyday married programme playing loud speaker,On Diwali burning cracker lots of noise pollution in cities sleepless night. soni nigam do something"	1
What about TCI Anuj  As you know porinju as he told he has good amount of holdings in pms ?	0
"Why worker of tea garden, NREGS worker are not paid their wages? Why students are asked bribe of 15 lac for teacher job."	0
We can try that too...first we will extend the appointment and when he falls for it we nab him...everything is fair in love and war.	1
Women Auto driver...... women  to kitne saal se Auto chal rahi.... tmlog to aaj pata chala..... waaah	0
He should banned for Railways and in all public transport.	1
Modi ji this is to inform to you Black money keepers sending their employees for bank to change cash this is the main reason for long queue...	1
"Madom Menaka Gandhi......  kindly devote your primary attention to protect women irrespective of cast or creed or religion rather than DOGS because human stands higher up than animal."	1
"why not in other name instead of ""tax"" and make it voluntary?"	0
"Yeah... I know your Ammi uses way too many of them...!!!"	0
"Nd as i have been sying frm so long, he cud hve straightly complained in police station rather then tweeting that surely would have setup a better example.. Nd also i have been saying for so long that loudspeaker can be used bt in a controlled manner abiding by Indian Constitution"	1
Wat the hell is this... Dnt use abusive language to him... Shame on u people	1
Is gau raksha have the law to kill any accused or innocent in name of cow in which the law is not inposed to the government forcess	0
Mr Raja China has no democracy.No freedom of expression.There only one party rules.It supports one China policy and All dissent is met by death.I guess  you want such a model.That's why there is so much of political  killing in Left ruled states of India.	1
"In India, whether Marxism failed or Marxists failed ?"	1
"Sushma ji is our ANGEL , there is no one like her in this world"	0
Ratan Sir.....thank you so much....we are overwhelmed.....was a useless fellow	0
You showed the true color of ur blood. Bravo...let people know where ur heart n loyalty is. U can't be trusted even if ur thousand generation eat this lands food n drink this lands water. U prefer to lick Arab spit rather than being loyal citizen here.	1
"bike got dual abs  slipper clutch 35bhp @8000rpm ,6 speed 373 cc"	0
You are Already joined​ BJP Mr. Hazare	1
try something on high interest rates of the govt. banks. .  as small business will grow more.	0
the first industrial revolution in india was brought around by IT ?	0
Or Raj Thackeray the PM	1
"Impressive. How does india tv get this kind of news?? And the hospital in the picture is a private hospital in karachi. No an army hospital."	0
Mr. Abhishek Biswas don't mess with malayalis.nee po mone dinesha.....MOHANLAL will be the BHIM....In fact he will do it better than the actual BHIM 😂	1
Modiji break the barns and  feed the poor break mills and cloth the poor and break property builders and give shelter to the poor and open the water lines and give the poor. Money is paper and only makes life miserable	1
Do you think there will be follow-up on the upside tomorrow ??	0
"So much respect for this father.   Kill those who spread enmity and hatred in society."	1
"don't be jealous sonia from PAK CHINA FRIENDSHIP.don't use name ""PAKISTAN"" with your bloody tounge"	1
Only black money holders and hoarders are having problem which is at the most is 10% of population.... rest are fine except that cash withdrawals from bank is not available as promised by goverment..... may be this little bit of inconvenience will give us and our next generation a better future	1
"Anna hazare is a rss agent,,,  ::: raghu ram rajan,"	1
Let him learn how to behave with others	1
As usual ..butthhurt randians will see start crying	1
first fall it is nt conform they cow steal er the Murderers   just doubt  & kill them because they r from other community	1
"New Delhi: Jitu Rai, Heena Sidhu Delighted After Clinching Gold In 10-Metre Air Pistol Event At ISSF World Cup"	0
Our politicians care for this but not our Indian army they gave many life's for nation	0
"Most of the times People like CM and other VIP actually do not know about such incidents, they unknowingly share events with people. People like Tripathi often try to grab such opportunities to get publicity. I am sure if Yogi had a clue about this Tripathi wouldn't be there. If a SP leader and rape  accused can get bail for multiple rape , Tripathi incident shouldn't surprise 😜"	0
"Hahahhaha, this would be the great change in a chutiya party, one chutiya (stupid) will replace by another big chutiya (big stupid)."	1
u see china?? is it a Democratic country?	1
Mr modi please look at ordinary people they are really suffering	1
I meet u thru cnbc tv 18 daily more than my family members	0
Thank God ...what about navigation system and air traffic controller ...kindly check whether its working or not	0
Either they are running out of news or tech toyz	0
"The Shiv Sena barely retained its citadel, the results for the Mumbai municipal polls showed on Thursday. But it was the BJP’s show, as the party stunned everyone by improving its tally from 31 to 81 seats. The Congress was almost wiped out in the country’s financial capital."	1
Enough is enough. This is time to retaliate and wage a crucial war to exterminate this rogue state Pakistan from world map.	1
Killing of any human in any form is never comfortable with any sensible human being except those killing in the name of religion of peace.	0
A man who has will power to lead the party boldly in Punjab.	1
Country is facing acutely employment problems for acomodating unemployed youth in private or govt sector so there is no discontent amongst security services so we should desist to create misconception amongst the people unnecessaryly	1
Not a big fan of beef...but all these events just wanna make me go and make some smoked beef whatever...and throw it on these people's faces	1
This appears to be just another case of road rage which happens every where in Bharat especially Delhi. The Wagon R is damaged  on both sides. The occupants may also be powerful people like (now )powerful Mr.Tiwari. VIP culture has since been abolished by PM	0
When people are electing criminals what can police do?	1
It is natural since Nov 8 th they are fully involved in govt imposed demonitsaTion process they are unable to see their families how can they approach borrowers moreover borrowers are cashless whom to blame?	1
Very well written n true	0
"Look at the timing of this BJP & RSS  sponsored man, #ANNAHAZARDOUS just at the brink of MCD Elections...where is his struggle for LOK PAL.. Why no more fasting drama??.#Arvindkejriwal is most hardworking,dedicated and honest politician of our times...His work speaks for him.."	1
Ralstin Tyler  I was just thinking about it 👻	0
You can not justify the hike to meet the fiscal deficit	1
Sitaram Yechury is an amiable person from the Marxist lobby dominated by the hardcore ideologues.As a member of the upper house he contributed very constructively.	1
the problem is not with the idea of Demonetization. it was rather overdue since 71. the problem is due to shortage of smaller denominations.. which is partially attributed to the new size of 2000₹ note	1
Now its easy for fraudsters to tamper  Evms one time	0
Which are the major players in  the Defence sector in India today?	0
Jio prime deadline is extended...So plz extend Happy New year offer for 15 days also😂😂😂	0
"Pls come out of politics and work for the betterment of our country , which is needed desperatley at present moment."	1
India should carryout surgical strike in a  press conference.....easy beasy!!!	0
"Don,t play the blame game , start doing the work of development, especially poor states"	1
"I return, interviewed a couple of people on their way out. But while I interviewed the last family, I hear some noise, quite different from ‘Har Har Modi’ or the ‘Modi Modi’ chant across the 7th Avenue. I turn around only to find Rajdeep Sardesai and a senior cameraperson in the middle of a mob trying to calm down a group of approximately 50 people around him.   http://www.naisadak.org/the-rajdeep-sardesai-video-no-one-will-post-on-youtube-or-social-media/"	1
You know that in Pakistan citizen 1/3 maintal it's true . See news of Pakistan not India.	0
Such a good PM. These people don't want any development in the country.	1
it should be conceded that IITs are too much of an intellectual luxury .  They are expected to create more technocrats and scientist and Engineers.  I dare say more 80 % of the IITIANS are in non technical jobs.  Mostly in finance and banking and marketing.  The government should view that seriously.  Only the hardcore engineering aspirants must be given seats in IITS.  Successive RBI governors are IITIANS.	1
"Who started it 😀😀😀😀😀dawood, owasi are one side of coin, other side is yogi, prachi,etc😀😀😀😀😀😀."	0
"if nothing to say,maintain the silence."	1
Do you think bank nifty up move is gona continue till this weekly expiry?	0
Then you should also watch Pappu he cracks much bigger jokes even he can bring earthquake. Listen to him you'll enjoy	1
Talking about maruti suzuki. Maruti is litterly useing indian consumers and offering such a bad quality. It has legacy but that doesnt meant the real thought of managment of responsible authorities that they can realy deliver to the end consumers. Bad experiance since 2014.  They should have word with dealers regarding the same..  realy bad.	0
Send these muslims to Pakistan who r cursing our PM	1
This is Zero Science and 100% venture capitalist trying to create a new Hype around AI. AI will develop based on the human understanding and intelligence. It will never overtake the MAGIC of Human Brain.	0
I AM PROUD ON ADGPI - Indian Army. ITS NOT THE TIME TO BE SAD. ITS TIME FOR ACTION.	0
"Yep dude nd now u know cows r sacred to us, that's why we feel sad nd r against it."	1
"Stupid statement from an actor. Priyanca is smart girl. Her every statement appreciated all religion. Sonu should read history a lady first lady Indian went out from thia eart and she listened a sound out from the earth. And the sound is adzan. So where do u want to life sonu?? Even out from this earth u will listen adzan everywhere. Stupid man."	1
modi g just people like us r suffering rich people have managed to again pilled up new curreny only this thing is very painful	1
Bajaj is an Indian company and I believe this launch is here in India itself otherwise it won't make any sense. Now when in India why in the world should they put these songs we don't understand!	1
He (Kejriwal) has dashed all my hopes. =D =D	1
So 119 out of 121 Olympians will be selling gol gappa on streets 😂 incredible India	0
You have to plead with Trump to make this as law for Muslims.	1
"One nation one tax is a, myth ha ha. Great going....."	0
Should Companies behave like runway robbers to make money.Their actions clearly show that the move by this insensitive govt. to demonetize notes of higher value was made to promote their business at the expense of over a billion people.Will they take responsibility for so many people who died standing in long queues.A woman at Kanpur had to deliver baby in bank premises .Shame on PM Modi and his bhakts for sacrificing humanity at the altar of these multinationals.	1
Erodgan is nothing but junior Modi...two brothers lost in a mela..unofficial dictators..	0
"The day Gandhi's and their pillas leave politics, India will be free from curse of appeasement and bootlickers."	1
"I am getting threats at Facebook and at google+ too since 2 yrs ,I informed ndtv they refused to come."	1
"Just need to tell him who is Allah, wot is Azaan? V need to tell him dat Allah is mine n yours whether u know Allah by many other names such as PRABHU , PARMESHWAR , BHAGWAN , EESHWAR , PAALANHAAR , KHUDA , GOD or ALLAH. So Allah's orders r same 4 everyone...not only muslims or a particular community"	1
"No body plans to fail, but ' Demonetization' step clearly states that the govt has failed to plan & now acting as per their failed planning"	1
where can the collapse of nifty end? any idea sir/madam	0
Now nothing to do by your explanation who know its was Cow Meat or some other Meat its was told by your Restaurant Friend that its Beef ( Thats all Mam ) The whole nation has seen your Video. Now where are those so called Gau Rakshak those idiots why dont they ask her in this regard ?	1
hi can i ask if why did you launch lenovo k6 power here in qatar..thankyou	0
"LOL Ok. How's that search for King David going? Still can't find him, eh? How many more Palestinian homes will you destroy in your search for a mythical figure?"	1
So other one tell me brother....tell me tell me never mind don't exited Bro	0
@CNBC-TV18 do you know how irritating the background music is when you are listening something important.	1
"Ebay's india division is in mumbai..not delhi..and ebay bangalore is only a backend analytics centre for ebay in india, which would stay"	0
"""i am what iam and that's all that i am"" --popeye -quote  ---here popeye breaks the edison bulb ...fused bulb"	0
Tell something which can b done in next 2.5 years	1
"Shivam , learn some english before u comment on social media."	1
Right now Sensex is down 420 points & Nifty is 138 points down	0
"People's can stand for darshan of God in q four hours, why can't we stand for our India, my country is charging... Plz cooperate."	1
Where was this Kapil Mishra when all the corruption was happening? Why didn't he uttered a word then?	0
With Jio you gave me back the best young days back as I best used my smartphone was after getting your product in my life. Thanks to you.	0
When computer  is come in india at that time bjp against  . Now then f...k india . U ban note but thats good but with come manner. 90 to above  people die who is responsible.	1
Comparing gt to Duke is like comparing your girlfriend with your drandma	1
He obviously regards Bedi & VK Singh as disciples who have remained true and remained on the straight and the narrow path! Hope he consults a shrink soon.	0
"Salman Ahmed,,bas economy bare bola,,why should not u comment on killing ppl in turkey,, christians r wiped,  kurdis,yazidi murder"	1
"No BAN. This is not only for Tamil Nadu. Karnataka, Maharastra, Rajasthan other states are also facing Ban on their native cultural events."	0
Pls change ur style bakts u people are doing this to ur self for decades and we are bored to see this again and again	1
One day u will have to pay for shedding blood of innocent people's in KASHMIR	1
"He has submitted himself into BJP hands..  Why? Anyone's guess.. Maybe some personal issues from his earlier life before he acquired the saintlike status.. Anyway his current behaviour is shameless.."	1
Kiran rijiju must join Indian army  immediately and quit central govt.	1
He has nothing in hands hence all this...	1
bro my phone has inbuilt speed meter	1
Petrol prices are going up tonite ; right ? Rs 5 minimum	0
Let see in screen...he  s god gifted actor..wil make ur deep throat aknowledgment to make prove	1
Syed Shanam Haider i will lodge cyber cell FIR	1
William Machado Azam khan and owaisi said modi and his entire caste is Dog ...	1
Then take permission before doing all this crap on streets.	1
"Anna u has deceived whole India , I advice to u just shut up dalal"	1
It was not against AK but Modi govt. Dont spread wrong rumors IExpress	1
This results are good lesson for those left congress for power sharing with BJP	0
"Completely agree with Sipra Mitra.. stop all celebrations, awards, IPL and just focus on War with Napakistan."	1
Wish that he dies and indian Muslims don't treat him as a martyr.	0
Best news channel as compared to ETNOW keep tge good work on and help investors gain more👍👍	0
How many laborer have lakhs they all probably belong to congress	0
"Drammebaj, Annaji. You ran from battlefield when in job and then misled people on black money, Lok Pal. What is your standing now?"	1
Does everyone has to sing like this before they buy this bbike ???	1
can we judge expiry from today as after 18th holidays will start ..so can it happen at 8300?	0
Ok Mr. Digviajy fine lets write what we want to talk on bullets and fire them on Pakistan...	1
They should just give them away to poor instead of burning it... !!!  😡😠	0
"You licked the minorities regularly and called it secularism. Your Muslim members regularly kill BJP workers. You think that is normal. The communists chased away taslima nazreen and you call it secularism. You,like cowards support China. Filthy communists!"	1
"This secrecy bunkum has long been busted. Modi has no idea what he was getting into, he's living in a bubble"	0
The action was in line with boosting Iran’s defence power and is not in contradiction with the JCPOA (the nuclear deal) or Resolution 2231: Iran Defence Minister	0
Give some lakhs to the starving out of hunger nd poverty instead of overfeeding the ones who have	0
"''Kadi ninda'' What a cowardice word, can it bring our brave hearts back. Ministers never has been lost their owns. Why govt don't take strict   these terrorists (naxlites )."	1
We should learn with him that result is not matter in your success.	0
Some Rascals r deaf n blind in after the hearing fact in this video n proof given by Modiji. Idiots jus watch n understand if u find him gulity in any proof given by him SUE MODIJI.	1
hehehehehehehehe if they dont plant a station in RAJASTHAN for SOLAR ENERGY we will have to buy power form others very soon!! wake up indians to push the Govt. for this Project for Power!!!!!!!	0
"It wud be the most stupid, idiotic and jerk idea if India agree to sale it's crown so called BrahMos missile.."	1
Will the jio fever protect reliance for long ? Other telecos will surely catch up soon enough ?	1
Completely true ... Today iit is no more a collage ...its a brand	1
again the same thing in eyes of judiciary he is not terrorist he is accused in our eyes is terrorist and he deserved to killed who ever keep a bad eye on our nation he are she should be killed without no mercy	1
I don't know why they are even getting this kind of money sportspeople are overrated India should spend this money for poors and army	0
"You can do analysis, be very happy about BJP winning 81 seats but WIN IS WIN!! ... ""Ask any racer. Any real racer. It doesn't matter if you win by an inch or a mile. Winning’s winning✌✌✌.""😂😂😂😂"	1
".However, reservation is not poverty alleviation scheme, it is there for only those social groups, historically who has been exploited, marginalized, rendered weaker. Muslims wanted window within OBCs, Supreme Court says, you can create subwindow within OBCs, without breaching 50% barrier, but not on the basis of religion."	1
Should we can buy sugar stock at this level if not then what is the good entry level	0
"sir, my question is ignored ? please advise, which sector is good to enter now ?"	0
President Xi Jinping has prioritised advancing China's space programme to strengthen national security.	0
And because of u people there is a boundary created between two religion avoid it and proceed ......	1
next launch probably some Romeo Juliet shiz will go down!	0
Ok what about the current situation do not dig the past do something to improve the current.	1
We don't need Minister's tributes and other things - we want that Indian Government stops empty words shows their spine and take revenge !!!!	1
Those dogs really want to listen and not interrupt then he will speak.  What is the point taking to barking dogs where their brain has been infected with some virus.	1
RBI should also be given some credit for immense support	0
Jalal whom u want to be that also u mention	1
"and, indian express has been exposed...why indian express didn't post when azam khan titled Ravana to pm ? shame on paid media....!!"	1
"Cash,caste, intimidation and liquor flow like water in Elections. Only thing is the modus operandi changes for each election.whether it is UP,AP, or MP,the election is just unimaginable without cash and liquor."	1
Instead of attacking our muslim brothers they should attack seculars and kill all them	1
"Dear Indian Express,  Really disgusting title...Please watch it repeat and repeat...until u understand...this is like ""रातभर रामायण सुना, सुबह पुछा राम सिता का कौन???""  And ur Answer -""बेटा"""	0
"He is trying to become famous by giving a controversial statement, ignore him , don't make him famous by sharing ...lol"	0
Somewhat Similar to opening ceremony of Gotthard base tunnel in June	0
Two things anna hazarey want r game and fame!	1
They have to protect cow in Delhi. Period.	1
Like mulla have copyright of green colour....who the hell r u bakchod?	1
Anna Hazare is still quiet over the MP case where BJP persons were involved with ISI / Dadri lynching / Alwar lynching since he can not speak against BJP.  But  would speak against Kejriwal.	1
nice job by mumbai indians	0
Indian Express is in realty Musalmaan Express.Like NDTV it's grinding it's axe since Trump won same as they houned Modi. Journalists associated with IE & NDTV should black-listed & their relatives if any in US should be kicked out.	1
Very Sad to See the title! And very proud to have kumar in our country! Same on you #IndianExpress	1
"Outstanding performance by all, My standing ovation to s.s rajamouli sir & Team... I give you salute for superb quality of movies BB1&BB2... 😊👌👌👌👍👍👍"	0
"Definition of secularism In other countries: respect every religion, follow yours.  In India: respect Islam, insult Hinduism"	1
But the biggest question is still unanswered .... who won ? 😜😜😜	0
"Why don't we have Ganga vigilantes, Panalalji? This is because Muslim has no role in polluting Gangaji and it is polluting by industry and Hindu customs. That's why you people have no guts to form Ganga vigilantes."	0
"Gaurav k actually Indian Muslims has great obsession for their masters..they got that boot licking habit from their boot licking  ancestors ,who couldn't hold onto their own root.."	1
Thank you Bajaj for making me laugh. So pathetic launch	1
"Should have been done long time ago, better late then never."	1
Please Tell me Some Multibagger IDEA Names For Long Term	0
People already started closing their ears after listening.. will close their eyes after launch ;)	1
"""saving is injurious to health ...where you save cholesterol , hyper tension, all life style disease ....while saving ...""ha ha ha ......."	1
Then why BjP opposed when congress proposed in 2014 same thing... All double standards	1
It's not only great to the national. Also for the peoples of the Indian and the world	0
I guess I will take  long vacation til January	0
Truly inspired. Great hope for the non engineers too. Thank u Sunder and wishing you and your team huge success on your future ventures. Great start for this New Year. :)	0
India need to give a strong message to Pakistan by army....	0
"Tanveer Sameer Obviously no one likes it so u can feel by yourself when hindus are bashed everytime for their every festival whether its navratri or diwali. i agree no one should critices others practices but it should go both ways, it shouldn't be biased everytime"	1
Ss hard as it is to believe for some people....we needed a good administrator and a tough guy	0
These days so many things like this on facebook.people harmonies going. disturb.This is not good.If any. Problem from noise then go to the police station.rather on facebook.	1
Why you don't want Modi to cross Vindhyas.?	0
"And you wouldn't have respected your mother had she not been working ? What has work got to do with giving respect ? All mothers are the best in the eyes of their children, and each has given up a lot to raise them, working or non working."	1
Launch veiled attack? This is what a democratic party looks like	0
resone behind growth rat decline is he do garstic changes	1
Is this a sub branch of the one in Philadelphia???? Mumbai needs one... Can't only eat this amazing food when I go to Philly...	0
WoWow super speech y don't u support when u Rae in cm	1
"Give the man credit for speaking his mind. Loudspeakers should be banned no matter the place. It's a nuisance and hurts old people, animals, children and all human beings. Religion and faith is personal & private and doesn't need loud advertisement"	1
What about vande Matram and yoga opposition? What about  Uniform civil code ?	1
Sindhu should b appreciated but there are more good sportsman who r not seen by India.(marathon) rich r getting more richer Sindhu she got already everything 😬	0
"Not have any mind he is prime minister ::;;;;;of our country feel a shame ::: good his job but he wht think of poor people :::: we are poor people working in others country """""" wht he do of us ::: nothing change our sallery bug everything change oglf good ""'' talking about past::why no talking about now and futcher"	1
"Wait and watch Don't do irresponsible reporting Already a lot of mess already unreported and ignored by you. Clear that Backlog first"	0
Wat will be the target of Nbcc and lnt finance by May 2017 ?	0
He is saying of 1971 Indra didn't do demonetization....sir there was drought through out India....there was not able produce food for one time ...if govt would have done demonetization ..just assume what would have happened....today everything in place in spite people are struggling....pls stop giving emotional speech and don't compare with other past govt......which is not good at all being PM	1
Is it right time to buy nbfc stocks pls advice	0
"CLEAN SWEEP  BY MODI, NO ONE LEFT TO SURVIVE EANYWHERE."	1
You have to pay for your crime here in this world	0
"I don't understand, what is the theme ? & why"	0
I don't know on what basis people are comparing him with dawood. Like yogi is in politics for years now. You need some qualifications to be something. Dawood has nothing to do with CBI.  Dumb people i swear. First they vote for them and then they cry.	0
"what this tech wants ...dance in a bar , have some drink , go in a second car in the roads of u.s , buy a flat in u.s ....settle in u.s  buy few appartments in metrocities of india ..leave them for rental at high cost  for fellow indian ......"	0
From March 2017-2019 capital gains will be shared by India & Singapore: FM	0
"Nusrat Nazir She and her ministry have rescued hundreds and thousands of Indian's from Yemen war and they there countless expatriate workers who praise her for taking interest in individual problems. Just yesterday, she ordered the Indian embassy in KSA to rescues a Muslim woman who was confined by her employer abusing the kafila system."	1
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	0
"we have faith with jio, but network and data speed improvement is necessary"	0
Only uneducated can comments on the ability  of  PM	1
"Leave the Cow's alone, Gau rakshaks need them"	1
As an Indian Kashmiris have various kind of freedom according to the constitution of J&K and the constitution of India.	0
"🌊 Bot🙍 Powered😼 By🐱 Wajid😞 Punjabi8-| Mehar  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 ABP News ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Tuesday : 2 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥  Comment Late  28 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Wajid Punjabi Mehar  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
Mira should be grateful that she has a choice....many mothers would love to spend more time with their kids but have to work....research has proved that children of working mothers are independent and have higher EQ....	1
"Good , evening sir , I m from UP . I have 1000 Shares of Rolta , can I hold for good return ?"	0
In weak market still force motor forcing to go up	0
Aap picks new candidate and Delhi will pick new candidate as CM 😃	1
"Sorry dear, our Feku is going to celebrate Nawas Shariff birthday in Lahore."	1
"Wow, a very well written engaging article"	0
what will be short term target for Jindal steel and Power?	0
what this stupid person is he? his house is almost  2.6km far from the mosque he only want peoples for attraction but he dont know he lost million of his muslim fans with his 3 tweets only so ......................................................?	1
Cows are getting voting rights to	1
You have dung filled head man . you are offending all with the last name kejriwal.	1
"they have used many words like this to the PRIME MINISTER  not an ordinary man. But u will only blame pm  for this. anyone can say anything to person who is such post."	0
Some messages shows how they got their hands burn by demonisation	1
It means that mob can RAPE anyone????	0
"I want to say this kashmiri boy that how you are wrong,just remember 1990 how Muslim demolished the temples n how they killed pandit without any their fault.."	1
"What sort of logic is this, if u say something good about me, I like you and if I say bad about you I hate you, he is a businessman who is trying to exploit us indians by saying nice things"	0
Pakistan's mathematics is very poor because of countless militants and terrorists it is comprising. So many times they don't know exact numbers of soldiers killed by Indian army. Nonetheless one should not forget Pakistan is a terrorist country where the death day is more memorable than birth day. Hell on the earth with no life meaning	1
Paul Manish ask ur mom who's ur father he's a Muslim only hahahahaha 😂😂😂😂	1
Tears r in our eyes helpless before busdil nikamee govt no one is there wards martyring  salute	1
And thwse are the guys who used to have mile long queues in their country for bread and potato	1
"Pinky Patel: true, for publicity ppl r willing to go to any gutter level"	1
"But powerlessness of men comes when they can not take any responsibility at home and financially not sound!!!!In cinemas also they are showing this.  They are also showing what does a powerful man does!!!!But it is true cinemas motivate many things, good or bad!!!"	0
"irrespective of any political party,,,,, whoever politicians do such nonsense , has to punish,,,,,"	1
Some idiots are busy in spreading rumours without understanding the reasoning behind remonetisation.	1
he should not die n our country needs him for his crime he has done in 1993 blast.	0
No Mr Anna Hazare is mis guided-there is fact	1
"Enough is enough, now time has come to take the real action. Nowadays technology is so advance can be utilized, their movements can be monitored by drons and subsequently may be executed by the same technology."	1
"True, any good work is opposed by group of vested interest.In fact our political parties often support such elements in search of vote banks. Aggressive media activism is also absent. Hi"	1
"This proves that India is intolaren, rather Hindus are intolarent."	1
"All the money announced, I doubt they will ever get it....it has happened in the past so many times..."	0
Express is posting such personalities opinion than it looks like it's aging and approaching natural death.	0
Would you bet on some Railway stocks post the Fed rate event ?	0
lallo whats a name means foolish man who is corrupted who had done scamp and his childrens who r not capable to earn 5000rup they r minister strange	1
"for Indians and Internation community, India is under tremendous pressure and even Turkish President asks India to stop terrorism and start dialogue with Pakistan..thus Modi govt. had to use these tactics to blame Pakistan...."	1
And btw Dhruv Panchal your own people cut and sell your God all over the world! India is one of the biggest beef exporter in 2017 newest world business report	1
"Indian men dont need to lure a girl, all they have to do is flash some moneeeeyyyyyy.lol"	1
Petition makes out a case of (A) Abuse of Articles of Association by outsiders (B) Breakdown of governance & (C) Loss of ethical values	0
Stupid. If we have Presidential form of Govt Modiji will be the President. Then what will your party do?	1
Their imam tells to marry 4 women nd have 40 kids with them all.. BJP oppose this.. thts the main issue with these sufiyan type people	1
same dude kunder who stole a film from a small nepali boy :-)	1
Has the elected members of Vdhan sabha to interfere in govt day to day working?  They are to sit in vadhan sabha & advise in policy making or otherwise. They have already the leader of Thier party. Let him work with his colleges. Your griviences should go to concern ministry. This is nothing but abuserdity.	1
"After these two guns, three M777 guns will come to India in September 2018 and used for training."	0
"Now time has come to take firm action against pakistan, pl do not seat idle.....public anger....👌"	0
Dilip sir can you please share your views on bodal chemical for long term portfolio?	0
"Brace yourself ""innocent"" terrorists are coming to defend their deeds like they did for kargil in initial stages."	1
"Were is the law and order gone and who r these mobs to take the law into they own hand, come on policesa do something to save the law."	0
He has got to be much better than this!!! Planning and level headedness need to be introduced.	1
"TCS Q3; Rupee Revenue up 1.5% at Rs 29,735 cr vs estimates of Rs 29,577 cr"	0
Need to improve the market outlook analysis.... How fast you people turn bullish and bearish....!!!  A 100 point rally in nifty or a correction would change your whole perspective.... Pls be a little more responsible in this.... I don't find except SPT no one else worth listening in your analysts panel....!!!!	1
Y he is not recovering loans from big corporates who owe to this country	1
"In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  P.S: ISPR has rejected the fabricated claim by Indian Army..."	0
"🌸 Bot🌱 Powered😩 By😽 Ishaq😔 Zada  🏨 Comment block Poke Me 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Add Close Me♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  34 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Ishaq Zada  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡"	0
I hope google will not again address Modi is stupid prime minister of India	0
plzzzz... stop these blame game... we all don't want that... we need to focus on the reasons why the farmers are committing suicide... not just on who and how any1 saw them to do so..	0
Divide and Rule Politics. Earlier Britishers did now our own representatives are doing it to garner votes in the next elections.	1
Gospel in devil mouth haha	0
Now you guys are spending money. If you spend even 25% before definitely you people could  see many champions.    It's a fact and faith. .	0
"Shahid RASHID....u pig....what r u saying Nice for....u feel happy abt this...??? Shame on u....be ready for the  consequences."	1
"Why does anyone give importance to such tweets? No wonder, people come up with all kinds of trash. Ignore them, for heaven's sake."	1
"Yes, Antonio..for us, God is within us. So everything/everyone is a manifestation of God to the followers of the Sanatana Dharma."	0
this is the reason google is sending this event notification mails directly to spam :-D	1
If u can't compete u hv no business to remain in the business. We r a democracy & an open economy	0
"True face of Shiv Sena on public display, no more vote for SSena! Look at Shiv Sena defending its goon MP! That's why I call this an eye opener for Voters!"	1
in business limiting boundaries not fair..if it happen these companies will create monopoly	0
There was apprehension that old provisions were being used for round-tripping: FM	0
The people who hate Modi are most of corrupted or illiterate	1
go back simon ....here we are waiting for pyar deal	1
"Shekhar Gupta perform tantra with his daughter, shhhhhh....dont tell anyone. MMS is there with someone :D"	1
Hope this drama ends now and doesn't continue as ownership experience	1
So that means muslim leaders hate hindus because they never perform Havan in there home or office 😂😂	1
"Kuldeep Munshi saab with all respect, what the Bjp was doing when it was in power before 2014 for the Pandits and what is the present govt doing for their rehabilitation? They are least bothered about you guys and it is a fact! They intentionally don't want to resolve this issue same like Ram Mandir,  we have full sympathy with anyone who loses his/her home irrespective of religion , so go after the govt and ask for the deadline wasting ur energy on SM won't help much😊"	1
Good to market after a long time waiting for money	0
Reactionary elements should be thrown in Indian ocean and restore the academic atmosphere in all universities..they are not students. They are well known political goondas indulging in all sorts of vices in universities..	1
Pork and beef are both delicacies in Kerala and Bengal. Better to ban BJP	1
Is what congressi challenging to whole nation to do .........we assure u we'll do the worst with u morron congressis	1
"western lip stick cannot be sold this section .......lo real parris or even aishwarya bachan , priyanka chopra , ...cannot influence this target audiece"	0
"Encounter this Piggy singh He is a utter waste of india"	1
"Lies, rumors, discrimination & deception etc have become a part of food for indian media houses......this is unfortunate and alarming! Now they should join prostitution industry"	1
"Look at the timing of this BJP & RSS  sponsored man, #ANNAHAZARDOUS just at the brink of MCD Elections...where is his struggle for LOK PAL.. Why no more fasting drama??.#Arvindkejriwal is most hardworking,dedicated and honest politician of our times...His work speaks for him.."	1
Thanks Sonia and Anuj..Anuj I am a big fan of yours.. But I still think Federer is a better player than Nadal :)	0
Condoms do come in flavours. What's wrong in publicising ones products.	1
"This is not the destination, it's a journey & many jokers would have to be left behind to keep the sanity of governance. People who cry foul are either affected or have despicable ideas."	1
#ENTERTAINMENT | Karan Johar might have Justin Bieber to kick off the sixth season of #KoffeeWithKaran.	1
"Atleast his speech has facts unlike that of modi, full of lies and crying... anyone can speak against wrong deeds specially when someone disable 90 % of people to get their money from their accounts and eventually disable all middle and lower section people to get basic needs of life including  food...... u know what i mean by 90%"	1
"Markets will crash in November, wait to buy at lower levels"	0
Should  we buy nifty  around  8880with sl. Of 8820	1
Our leaders are just drunken sots and beastly guttons do you agree?	1
Well said Saurabh..Mr Ali as far as i know Mr Manmohan Singh is a very educated man but what he gave to this country?? A basket full of Curruption & scandals...Unlike the present PM who is hardly educated but still if you like guys like Ex PM and Congress party then bro can't help.	1
I am holding Punj Lloyd for quite a long time now. Bought it around 45/share. Should I continue to hold it ?	0
"You proved yourself your mentality. Read comment , understand intellectually. If you don't have any knowledge about visual technology. U should nt novice comment I don't comment about scripts ."	0
"""Surgical Strike"" by Pakistan Army 2 indian soldier killed.  SnakeEagle Pakistan Defence Command"	0
Only Pakistani not like u Modi Ji but u are great man hat's of u sir	1
Jagran also a very much noisy	1
Person who buy need to build own roads to drive	0
"Dear all Zone Master Franchisee Investment 5,00,000/-rs. agreement term 10years. Guarantee Returns 20,00,000/-rs. Interested Parties may cal us. +919738406045"	0
God knws wat d prblm is..	1
Most irresponsible ex cricketer of world.	1
Your are a celebrity and you should know what will happen after posting these type of video. I know this is a cheap publicity stunt to be u in lime lite. But i tell u this is not good because all these nonence divide our society and gives a bad impact	1
Child marriage is illegal then Modi's parents and Jashoda's parents should go to jail.	1
Shiv sena is the least liked political party....and they know it. They are constantly craving for attention. Thats y they make a big scene everywhere.	1
What you know about reglious you are comminest  devil's tell me do comminest has any reglious value comminest devil's are babirian	1
So just think how common man will survive?	0
S Kumar Kumar dont talk like this. If i started to abuse you cant bear	1
Jealous :D .  Baalubali is one of the best picture.	0
Imran Bora eat ur parents' meat very tasty	1
Absolutely correct. Has hit the nail on the head	1
Modi ji could u plz get tax from business men s pockets like v service people... then i vl b with u	1
Wt well vill c aftr result who made vote of whom k mr bjp aggent of terrirts hahahahah	1
Indian express did it again ...have some moral please	1
Just wanted to know whether killing innocents was also the integral part of that movement!!Madam shut your gob!!!You people are giving a bad name to our religion!!What happened in Rajasthan and various other parts of the country in the name of cow protection is of utmost shame!!	1
What about the other religions?  I am sure India doesn't only comprises Hindus and Sikhs. You forgot Christians and Muslims.	1
USD/INR gonna fly up towards 100 in next few years.	0
Answer should come from those NRI Bhakts of Trump who did prayer for him and donated millions of dollars	1
Beef and pork are tasty. Il let you know how an Infant tastes like.	0
The political class is a joke in this country..partisan media adds to intellectual famine in the country. Democracy of Mediocrity.	1
Suzlon do you.think can run now after being an disaster for soo many years	0
Someone tell her navratri happens for only 9 days a year not 1825 times a year..	1
"No need to take any action, just release the list of those pumps in news paper. Thats it. After few days they will start discounts on petrol."	1
anuj y today psu banks didnt do much specially  sbi	0
Shouldn't the same apply to weddings?	1
Guys also start commodity section ! Now options also coming. .! It would be great !	0
Your the worst media i have ever seen.	1
Totally a stupid Blunt media is this Indian express	1
Police should take serious action against she's husband immediately.	1
Don't you proof read your stuff?? Stupid NDTV.. 56 Billion? Seriously???	1
This is very funny if Muslims love yogiji will they be doing an Aarti in their mosques?please do not expect him to go down in his knees to prove his affection for a particular quom!He has an image of hardcore Hindu and I had always been a critic of hypocrisy this time maulanaji you are being a hypocrite.	1
"Also, ABVP must apologise to Kanhaiya Kumar, and pay him compensation for defamation.  http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/kanhaiya-kumar-jnu-sedition-row-anti-national-slogan-clean-chit/1/893997.html?sr=fbia"	1
Keyur Panchal industry also creates crooks like Vijay Malya and Ambanis	1
His carrier is almost over just need cheap publicity how better than using religion  right now the way things are going	1
"Sir, we all the sensible and cognigent want Mr. Raghuram Rajan as the RBI Governor."	0
I am employee I am proud to work at Bigbasket	0
"legends do not play for awards , they play for the real passion -mohammed ali"	0
"Hi Manisha. Doing excellent work keep it up Good luck"	0
You showed your colour brother...come back after sometime	1
Wrong survey unless the EVMs are rigged	0
The hartal was against illegal meet stalls not for beef ban..paid news??	1
Economy has come to standstill! It will have serious implications on GDP	0
Who care. Unethical business of alcohal.	1
PM MODI foolish the people of India by his word really nothing's changed	1
"Anna ji, dare....to speak on LOKPAL . Dont pass BJP's sponsured propaganda on basis of report. Have you spoken ever on CAG reports of other government ever? you are selective, and frustrated."	1
Here is everything you need to know	0
By cherry picking and posting the answers of dropouts and ignoring the ones who have said positive?	1
He is coward fled from army..he only wants to remove congress  and work as rss bjp agent..he never wants to remove corruption.he is useless guy.	1
These Vodafone . airtel . idea .. Should get a lesson should be banned immediately .. For fooling people's since many years .. Thanks to jio who came and saved the common public	0
Good evening sir ....... Brigade and A2Z infra hold or sale ?	0
"And actually she has never had a career, so her perspective isn't of consequence yet ... her choices are her own but just because a successful actress like Kareena Kapoor works after having a baby and Mrs Shahid Kapoor doesn't it really is of no consequence ... work is not always just a necessity ... it is often a passion and this person obviously hasn't found it yet ... good luck to her :P"	1
"AIMIM is nothing to loose in U.P  But Teach very good lesson to those all SECULAR PARTIES   It's time to Sonia Gandhi come to Darussalam and  settle down And INC to remove all DIGI  LIKE shits out of  INC"	1
Lies have no foot. Every day Indian lies fly in air. Stupid and sick mind people. ........	1
"he also ridiculed center govt. of being unable to counter Pakistan and bring back our own spy, blames center of giving special trade positions to Pak. Did Indian express only saw half of the video ya fir BJP naamak chasma laga ke dekha video?"	1
If he is not PM for you then nobody can	1
Becouse Pakistan army and nation know how to treat and welcome ill people like......	0
They follow their prophet's footsteps. Do I need explain more?	1
"Some one is also talking along with Rahul Bajaj .,the person is in hurry to leave the launch"	1
Who is this bloke?  Never heard his name before.	0
The main issue behind these shameful acts is radical Islamic mindset .....islam can't digest any other religion this is a fact and it can't be overshadowed by some fake excuses....	1
What is your further view on ₹vs $	0
He should  now contest Lok Sabha seat hereafter. That will also give credibility to their claim of champions of downtrodden.	1
Nothing to do with the reality - just wants to hold on to power	1
With World class road the car should sell in their hundreds	0
NOTE: You can jump to 00:20; that's when the clip starts.	0
Required a truck to transport my machines from Mundra port ṭo my factory...details posted on truckjee.com...lets c what they offer	0
Ashok Ladia.... First learn respect women and children ..... Thn Luk for ur cows.....	0
Come on. We will Bounce back. Come on Virat and Co. BEST OF LUCK GUYS. 👍👍👍❤❤	0
Here are the top stories this morning	0
"THANKS  MR RANJAN  AND  RAKESH,  SASI THAROOR  IS  PROVING THAT  HE  IS  JUST ANOTHER  SO-CALLED  ""PSEUO-INTELLECTUAL""  AND  ANOTHER  HUMAN  SLAVE  AND  ROBOT    AND  NOTHING  SPECIAL ABOUT HIM!"	1
Says a guy who once got slapped by Srk	1
Can anyone ask him will he tell wht Our PM Narendra Modi needs to speak....	1
still this false fatwa news u #Indianexpress spreading?	1
Your form of secularism promoting killing opponents can't be understood. Stop this non-sense worshiper of Blood (Red).	1
These are personal choices and it has nothing related to love or hatred. Stop your nonsense.	1
It's ur MY eqution with cong alliance..that u r in some fight..otherwise ur karnama could have wiped u	1
No one in india hates Muslim. Please correct your thoughts. You're wrong.	1
"anyways he is not in india so are the above steps effective enough, wat are the steps SEBI have taken to make sure he does not participate via any in-direct route"	0
But EVM used to vote only fr bjp...	0
Ur comment on the late resistence shown in the market during closing	0
Massive win??? Frame your sentence properly ...lol	1
Why the fuck is everyone bothering about IIT. Work hard if you want to get the fucking admission in IIT and there are people who do even better then iitians...haa hai chutiye iitians Jo sochte hai ki they are better then everyone else	1
"BJP should be focusing on illegal abattoirs in every hook and corner of the state and the illegal disposal of waste from slaughter houses into river bodies, wetlands, fields near roads which are causing health hazards to the people"	0
"'Operation al-Nagrib', a riveting spy thriller featuring a RAW-assisted CIA covert strike deep inside Pakistan, targeting a terror module at Mianwali Nuclear Airbase. Available on Notion Press Bookstore, Flipkart, Kindle, Amazon....it promises a gripping read! Order your copy now from  https://notionpress.com/read/operation-al-nagrib"	0
The RBI should immediately withdraw the over the counter note exchange facilities and instead people be asked to deposit the cash in account and withdraw at the same time if they wish so.The long queues will stop immediately.The note exchange should be done only for those persons who are not maintaining accounts anywhere and that too with an undertaking that the person is not maintaining account anywhere and the cash  being exchanged so is for own use	0
Why is he in Turkey? I'm surprised he even stepped in Turkey safely after all the attacks against Muslim minorities in India.	0
We should use offensive defensive strategy doctrine.learn lessons from Israel ..and give free hand to security forces and covert missions inside pak to bleed Pakistan.	0
Cows getting ambulances. What's wrong with UP. Well that's what these illiterates voted for...	1
If this would done by Muslim prisoners the Indian police would have killed them in fake encounter and branded them as terrorists	1
"Felicitate the Congress MLAs, who won in the elections. You may not get another chance to do so."	1
Ashis Kumar come and visit turkey still Indian Bollywood shoot there movies because there know here pepole not doing toilets one the street	1
"Think of people ,they will hold ur neck. U Bhagode now blaming govt"	1
"It is sad that the money comes in after the victory but there is no monetary help, scholarships or even infrastructure support before the Olympics to prepare these athletes. If India had that, we would have many more medalists and even bring in gold. The country has immense talent but very few agencies are interested in nurturing that talent."	0
So???  Uniform and the stars represent the great state and nation we serve how is that supposed to make us invincible to pain and sufferings...???	1
Hi Soniya Will Sun Pharma and Aurobindo Pharma rise in coming days? /this fall continues like this only?	0
What was he doing for so many days??? People now don't trust any political party and / or a person.	0
"Sad that despite doing something remarkable, Dipa doesn't get monetary reward simply because no medal came in."	0
"Please go to ur prime moron who stays in Pak , and don't interfere in the work of our Honorable PM."	1
I can't believe he has to defend the decision of fighting against black money	1
All ministries keenly planning a multi-model logistics park: Nitin Gadkari	0
But bhajan starts daily at 5 pm near my home!why you should say about that? They use loudspeaker louder than Azan's speaker ! Should they stop playing bhajan in speakers!?	1
Is it availbel in india..plx send d details as i want to buy it	1
I think both r spoiled wid money now they will not going to play	0
Is it good time to start accumulate for long term?	0
"this guy is stupied, he donot know whta is speaking, chutia sala behen ka loda"	1
You are true but India pakistan live side by side so if it take place war like above picture then more soldiers will die... AND USA does drone attacks on certain part of pakistan.. Prime minister needs to buy some bullet proof jacket for soldiers instead they are busy allocating the money to so called poor parliament people rekha and Sachin who even hadn't attempted how parliament really looks like	0
"INSTEAD OF SCREAMING ON SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS, WHY DON'T THE SPECIAL FORCES JUST GO IN KILL A FEW HUNDRED OF THE PAKISTANIS & COME HOME, THAT'S THE WAY TO DO IT, JUST TAKE EM OUT, THAT'S IT!!!"	0
You are not getting it. You should also vehemently oppose Bhajans if it is played at a high volume at unearthly hours. Please don't look at it in the  perspective of religion  but rather view it the light of your Democratic rights which none has right to violate. What if one of your family is unwell and trying to sleep when some loudspeaker starts blaring whatever may be the duration.	1
"You can go anywhere you want cause India will be new India Modiji's India , India of our dreams"	1
not at all a good decision arun jaitley...you know that very well just to save your sins you are just killig people	1
"Well said, Rahul ! We need more voice from you."	0
I strongly condemn killing of Indian soldiers.Humanity has died it is shameful act.	1
Give Mahajan a gun to shot all the so called palimentarians who do not listen to her	1
The script writer had only imagined one and only one actor and he had only meet one actor to complete work that is our lalettan.... We dont want your opinion wether mohanlal want to play dhritrashtra or dronacharya......	1
"11000 or 11 Lakh. In the end, truth prevails and the truth is that Kejriwal delivers! Period!!"	0
Seriously after all this if the bike turns out to be below expectation iam worried about that	0
how safe is your food ? ....read the article above	0
"How v identify, if it's a bull market correcting or actual correction.. when to give up on market/stocks on hold"	0
Idea of secularism in India these days against the idea of secularism.	0
Do you see further downside in bank nifty till expiry?	0
"Pravin Sivan, it's been banned since last few years. No visa of any type to these buggers though not banned on paper I e officially"	1
You  deserve it Bangledesh.... We Get new cricket partnersss	0
Making so many educated peoples future dumping in mines ....	0
"Still 50 percent of Americans need u, even though u did not win as a president"	0
sir berger ntpc ambuja idfc bank which 2 stocks which price wll enter rite time	0
Vasa Madhukar He has been speaking so many things. I am waiting for the performance.	1
Fatwa not issued ! Fake news	1
"Nigel one of either of my quarries Abfrl Future consumer R-power  Nmdc Guj nre. Coke"	0
The woman alleged that her ex-husband had installed a malware on her phone without her knowledge and accessed all her calls and messages to and from her phone.	1
Great sir....proud to be an indian...and proud to be fan of MODI ji	0
This is what every business man has to do after age of 60years.I am truly inspired by this.. Great AM Naik Sir..!	0
"Anna hazare .. take rest.... Stay at home... Relax .."	0
It's like a devil think .. what tha hell is this....	1
"""PAKISTANAN'S"" are not crul like your government.and jannat is only for humbl and for right person."	0
Today visited in sbi bank deposit 1000 sbi charge to us 57.50 for inter city tras charge same ful	1
What were they smoking when they decided how to launch this bike :D	1
This is not true media and others are spreading slanderous remarks same rules apply to political parties too	1
"What wrong he spoke  simply I dn't understand those who are trolling him. Disturbing  very badly others by name of God ,is it reasonable?"	1
This what we experience Yogi's 'Uttam Pradesh' !	1
4 crores n 11 crores...m jst wondering here how many poor people can eat with just one crore...hmmm🙈🙊🙊	0
BJP please continue with your beef protest in Kerala.. and all of us will get FREE beef biryani every day from cpim :)	1
What has he done for hospitals unemployment and reservations and middle class can anyone explain please?	1
Indian express becoming new times of India....	1
U ppl throw away kashmiri Pandit from their h omes killed them u talk about brotherhood	1
Give us your opinion on Andhra Bank....Should I hold or sell...	0
Mangalore bandh called by RSS is successful. Hardly 50 person attend his rally. Mangalore population didn't attend his rally . its clear Mangalore people does not like Kerala cm. Hindus have faith with RSS. RSS fight for Hindus interest not like CPI or congress . many CPI supporter left CPI because of cpi anti national activity and pro concern abt   muslim	1
Sir some educated people only not understanding the avdvantages of this..	1
"Original video in the link....and a segment of the video used by few media house to propagate how Kumar Biswas attacked Kejriwal.....watch both the video by yourself  to see how mainframe media is using all its take to defame delhi government as much as possible before MCD election. #shameonjournalism #soldmedia  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iuoS2dpccHU"	1
"Hi Anuj, will PSU banks  rally on rate cut tomorrow ?"	0
To you all  Anti-hindu are seculars	1
Ya n that's why communism has been obileterated from the world	0
When ever a Election Anna hazare make a statement against Arvinth kejriwal .He wants to  support BJP by this way	0
Ehy he hasn't spoken on riots on UP and Bengal......	1
What is wrong in it. He is corrupted person	1
He just wants some attention guys.	1
Thankyou Dear Archana for your greatest awards of Journalism.Me and all family members send best wishes and blessings.	0
I am in gulf country I hv money what will I do .....	1
"What is this ?????Why does not  A to Z strong step,Pray to our country we should be lease to our country to Israel is the best country of the World, don't damage Politics,they should be permanent sulation end this"	0
Removong of Red light on car does not mean that V.I .P.culture is finished .  Mentality  of   V.I.P. culture should be discourahed	1
"We mourned the attack on army school by talibans in Pakistan, and you guys are so ruthless that you laugh at someone's death.. This shows how inhumans you people are.. I hope the karma has got something for you guys in the store.."	1
"Plz listen carefully BJP will even kill its own people and demolish masjids even Mandira just to increase its power in whole India and implement RSS coward ideology in India. During opposition  time they were showing jingoism  on such mishaps;now you will see they will do any other ad like story to fool majoritarian s"	1
Action willbe taken more then 40 to50 will go to jahanum	1
You mean there is no difference in all the three ?	0
"Isn't Delhi police under Union Home Ministry? He should blame Rajnath Singh ji and Kiran Rijiju"	1
The biggest blessing the God has bestowed on India is Modi. Let us bow our head in front of God for this. Hale Modi and Hale Modi power	0
Prasanta Behera .morons like you still divide India into south and north.. and u want us to follow ur idiotic philosophy and give way to ur leadership.. . You are nothing but a nincompoop masquerading as a Hinduism-minder trying to practice jingoism in a state with full of highbrows!	1
do not multiply by zero-expert opinion becomes onion when the letter P is missed -P stands for passion not multiplication	0
Nope! Unless you've always got a stop loss. Though options are very risky. :P	1
"i am micro investor, i have portfolio in bank, NBFC,Pharma, but all are down, which sector is good to enter in this kind of situation ?"	0
Some one said bike is nice lolz he is from bajaj	1
Why why why.....live n let live. Let Peace prevail.  Pls leave our food choices to us only.	1
thumbs up....now i can proudly say females are actually toe toe with males... no difference.	0
Can u name a stock which is less than 50 in denomination  with strong fundamentals .I will hold for 3 years...5 years...but shuld be supper multi bagger ...!	1
This time new spark system they gonna implement i guess thats why they are taking time	1
thats why gujrat had bhukamp in kucch when he was CM	1
Your view on Maruti.. Its falling for last 5days...now below 5900	0
Do not expect a drastic improvement in India's exports: Commerce Minister	0
Mr. Jacob seems to be so upset. Look at his face. Lol	1
Aishwarya Hari Haran because it does not have any quality	0
Great job Modi ji.. only those people are against who's black money is of no use now.	1
Tata Group had filed a caveat in NCLT on October 25	0
The only minister of bjp who really do job.hats off madam.btw how the hell she ended up at loser side really?with this excellent quality she could serve even better if she join AAP really.	0
"Like Nehru who killed Gandhi and his hopes, kejri  to Anna. 1000degree in less earnest."	1
"hi guys plz give a view on jamna auto & bharat forge, u skipped my question day before yesterday"	0
"Ha has gone to Kailash Yatra, after returning back he shall comment on Indias economic reformation."	1
Is this the reason that he has been honored with a degree from Jamia University? Are we short of political intelligence that we need such suggestions from a fascist President who believes more in killing opposition.	0
All loudspeakers shd be banned.  They r a public nuisance.  The worst is non stop blaring during durga puja etc.	1
Modi ji now act do not follow congress path nation wants result	1
First ask yr CM to respect his father.	1
First improve your service MR Rajiv. Your service guys are sick they can't handle a RS200 properly and the D400 fate gonna be even worse	1
Really ??? I would like to know her job profile where she will have to work 23 hours a day	1
Modi took a great decision. This is not a small task.	0
This is feminism ... not what you think ... or not what GenerAl indian masses follow	1
These people are fooling the poor...And news channels encourages them..Shame on the capitalism	1
Vishwa Yandigeri... U might be right.. I thought the same when BJP stacked enough money and then got demonetisation just before UP elections.. and won because they were the only party with money... others were raided and stripped....	1
How would you compete with Rio (Reliance)? Look at price and features Rio is offering with hand set	0
Gajapati raju so cool. But should have kicked that idiot out of parliament	1
Engine says its a cruiser..  Body says no i am not a Cruiser..  Then what am i???  All the Best..  For thinking that this will compete with Royal Enfield....	1
Shame on you shewag actually he don't have any work left with him all the time he is on twitter or fb moron	1
"Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murders by  Turkey Army ....  What about given  the Kurds their land back ???   Let Kashmir not be the  talks on table ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  ."	0
"how greedy the corporates are Voda evaded the tax by doing off shore transaction , why shd they not pay the tax on a transaction they have made billions ."	1
Anuj VIX is at historically low levels. Should we worry?	0
Very shame on you viratkohil	1
Hi good evening....it's NANDAN from odisha.....taken 1 lot of IDFC Ltd.nov ce at price 2.85@ strike price 70...suggest what to do.. Thanx	0
"8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee"	0
"Oh, we got a lot of penguin pinned down by capgemini india"	0
"Can 7th/8th May be another Brexit day move , 2nd round french election outcome."	0
Wise men don't speak at every conversation they speak the right words at the right time and he spoke wht is true.	1
He too is interested to join politics.	1
If h is genuine in his deal why he hide from parliament	1
All arrangements made to ensure free & fair election: CEC Nasim Zaidi	0
I suggest to indian gov. Gives full permsion to attack terrorism.	0
Atleast they are putting efforts to get things done for india...not like other parties who only looted  india	0
How does inflation react to all the after shocks of this demon...?	0
"Chetan Bhagat has lost confidence in Indian democracy that is way he is surrendering before mighty and seemingly powerful words. Whereas Tulsi nar ka kya bada samay bada balwan, durjun looti gopia wahi Arjun wahi Baan."	1
"Hi Sonia,  I would like to know whether to hold Ashok Leyland or Sell it."	0
Undoubtedly AK is corrupt like others politicians.	1
http://www.bbc.com/bengali/news-39336047?ocid=socialflow_facebook  stop this nonsense University is the place of study not a place to establish islamic  religious identity !!! Be liberal or be terrorists .... By liberty we get APJ Kalam by bigotry we get only terrorist.....	1
"That is why you are enamoured with donkeys. Like you donkeys cannot think for themselves, but can only follow blindly."	1
Its high time wen u start putting Anti Against ur name Indian Express... You suck big time.. we are aware of all your futile and sinister campaigns to demean BJP. The result of UP is a slap on your face and you should take it line down..	1
Don't worry this bitter pill will make you all ill for a long time resulting in your death.	1
I am not modi family parson but I was see villages and city developments so I am support	0
I see people in name of muslims making insane comments	1
O my god....Instead of doing hard studies like Eng & Doctor its better 2 became an Sports men...V vill get both d things 1st vr able 2 represent our nation & next vr going 2 become celebrities along wid good financial income..So life gets settled	0
"If we ask people to boycott Chinese Products, then we must first make cheapest possible products available in India to forcefully letting them boycott Chinese Products..."	0
Suresh Sir please look in to aircon not facilitating properly sometimes needs to travel with fan cooling	0
It is quite natural to the politicians because people are responsible for ensuring them that they are not going to change. How many politicians are kept away from contesting. Unless people are changed the system will like this only	1
"99.99% of them are down ... Dare to say I'm wrong 😎"	1
"Let us change to T10 format!!! I am sure it has something to do be SRK, since sugar daddy is on the run!!!"	1
I have a very strong feeling that Jadhav had already been tortured & killed in Pak jail.	1
"People who are hell bent on opposing PM Modi proves the quote  'democracy is not for idiots'!! Where in the world you will find such a great man with amazing capacity to work hard and organize without any gain of his own!!"	1
"Awesome Manisha Gupta he looks totally floored by you  Kh"	0
"Earlier a british minister, now us congressman. All of them are saying Pakistan is a terrorist sponsored country. But we already know that. So, no more discussions. Now is the time to show our military power to those porkistani butchers. Last night only three watchtowers leveled. I wish there would be more.."	1
Anna ji where is lokepal bill where is your seculiyarism better you were some other dress not Gandhi topi	1
Anuj sir please tell mid caps behave like that in a bull market like they are doingggg	0
Bjp big win in UP and form govt in Uttar Pradesh and uttarkhand	0
"Amazing movie...Superb imagination...U can feel the hardwork it must have taken for every scene,the thoughts as well as the execution of them...hats off to the makers and the actors"	0
Rahul was never a leader his mom is away on holiday hopes even he joins	0
Deepak do you have any solution for stopping black money	1
I agree with Abhishek Jairaj that Hindus needs to have one label that I am Hindu Indian and not Muslim. I feel lets every Hindu try this.	1
"Any surprise to expect from modi on Jan 2 speech. Can it be a trigger to MKT."	0
sham on this man  how people like these become ministers	1
Shoaib Khan Lughmani u are from a pakistani city liar atleast change your facebook details	1
And Modi has fulfilled your hopes by constituting LOKPAL....your main motive towards India-against-corruption agitation was to depose the congress government.....	1
No sir you are all ready member RRS	1
"Modi wants to go to war, that is rhe only way he will be able to cover up the fuckall DéMonetization effects"	0
"I think problem is not loudspeaker, but 'loudspeakers'. Even when one will suffice in an area, due to many mosques near to each other, they all start Azan. Second thing is Nowadays the problem is that, not everyone sings azan, as it should be. So it sounds very irritating. Most of the Indian maulanas don't know how to sing a perfect azan. Otherwise it sounds very soothing. Like this: 👇  https://youtu.be/LGX6wX2GhcU"	1
"According to a joint press statement issued by the alliance partners, the SP announced it would withdraw candidates from Maharajpur and Kanpur Cantonment, Koraon and Bara and Mehroni."	0
India is #1 this is just foolish survey . Dude size of country matters.	1
Not good job.....this guis creating a problem n our socacity	1
hope somone switches the bike and puts an Enfield there !! I am sure the expression on the MD's face will be priceless....for the rest we have mastercard !!	1
Now India will be the fastest slowing economy in the world.	0
Azaan on Loudspeaker is a disrespect to all religions except Islam.	1
Sonu nigam banning of loud speakers can damage ur life cuz u singers can't sing without Mike and nobody hears your voice without speakers this how u earn money from concerts. K I agree with u banning of loudspeakers this Wt we also wanted no music no sound..	1
"Agreed, for sometimes and eye for an eye is the correct response."	0
"... Why would this Muslim country ban people from other Muslim countries. ????    ... BECAUSE THEY KNOW THERE IS A REAL DANGER !!!      ... SUPPORT YOUR PRESIDENT !!!    🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸"	1
Hope Delhi Police will take action and BJP will find a way to blame AAP for it.	1
AK has defined the politics in India. and every one should understand the difference. Hazare is Sachin Tandulkar for BJP and RSS	1
Why do you care? You're white...	1
Indian Express is being handled by Pakistani mullas!!	1
Rumour Express(Indian Express) quoting Afwhaa Times(Jhundsutta) as usual	1
"Yes, it is absolutely true, although some places and the people, all concerned to Pakistan, are only the best choice of China for the current economic crisis in Pakistan......"	0
Give us your opinion on Andhra Bank....Should I hold or sell...	0
"Hi , Can We expect NBFC to Rally more ... ur Views on LT Finance"	0
May be this is enough!!!	0
"A third accused, Tariq Ahmed Dar, was held guilty of being a LeT member, but the court said there wasn’t sufficient evidence to link him to any conspiracy."	0
Well you pour money for medals but no money for education of poors shame on govt	1
"Mr. Patel, you fall in wrong hands. The horror of Economic slowdown start haunting once the key sectors of economy start publishing the numbers.. it will be a havoc, a damage control already started by Mr. Patel, CRR 100 BPS, black money tax 50℅ today... Can't we see the nervousness of govt who move any time any direction.. my advice Sir, you should explore how to handle the worst which is on the way...."	0
There is a disk failure in the array. Check that first. 😁	1
"the idiot addresses his party leaders and gives a lecture but wont face opposition or court and answer. just moaning about the past instead of addressing current woes caused by him and his stupidity that is making the people of the country suffer while making his friends rich. this joker is turning the economy into a lottery game.  He wants to beggar the nation by making everyone a debtor controlled by the system. my india is doomed, a lot of bhakts will fall for this drama."	1
Indian express became bakwas express. ..	1
Being a Hindu I say you must have asked that person to lower his bhajan volume as someday he or his family members may also fall sick	1
TAMIL NADU GRADUALLY FALLING IN THE HANDS OF MANNARGUDI MAFIA	0
Definitely go Mr. Azam and then see how fool you will look.	1
I always called you top class dear...wish to know u r political  priority?	0
Tat will prove mistry wrong and this graph will be 2 times positive. Simple. Its all a game boss	0
Why would India buy jets that are already outgunned and has limited range?	1
"See who is saying this , DId u have taken permission to speak😂"	1
"Indian express paper is one the waste paper in India, it got disappeared from market,"	1
"Misinterpretation. Reality is:  ""Delhi Police beat up Thugs,  goons and #Presstitutes  who attacked Police at  Rohit Vemula Mockery March"""	1
"Tired and devasted by being used by everyone, she never thought she could love again. The couple has been married for four years now."	0
Shree Anna hazare is a sence less  person & very opportunist . he is very  very bewakuf because  now he is criticising mr A . Kejriwal	1
"So how many presidents will be ruling then Mr tharoor? Even if it is the case Modi is my president not you or any dirty pig from congress."	1
Very good decision. I know it their will be problem for the common man but then it is for us so we can bear that but hats off to the government who had taken such a bold decision👍🏻	0
Yes it's ok he not hurt cow  he is innocent	0
None of the media shown us such index..... Thank you Sourav Ghosh for your information	0
"Investors allowed instant access to MFs with cap of Rs 50,000/day: SEBI"	0
terrible rule. Some people have a passion for cars. Car companies would suffer. Instead why not replace rickshaws with electric Tata Nanos in order to reduce pollution.	1
Obviously this Alkesh is from Moon? He does not Know the phenomenon called Amitabh Bachhan!Even though I like his screen presence more than this movies but to be so ignorant is a crime!	1
Exide down to 208 after touching 225. Where is it headed further ?	0
"Hell with BJP. All political  parties are corrupt and I do not like anyone. They are there to only make money whomsoever you may vote.  But supporting Naxalites who kill our soldiers,  taking side of JNU students who shout ""Bharat ke tukde Katenge"" and Afzhal Guru tere Katil jinda hai and very recent ""there is nothing wrong in chanting Pakistan zhindabad "" are all attributed to this man. Hence he is decidedly antinational."	1
yeah that day i was talking about this tata suv	0
"what's communal here bro?? are nt we living in a democracy to speak ?"	1
Yes. She is mentally unsound. I reallly don't know how she is CM of west bengal	1
is this a Drama launch or a Bike launch ?	1
"Anna is great he could easily have become CM of delhi but for blackmailers in power now, he is too simple and DEDICATED he saved his REPUTATION by not joining AAP."	0
"As promised during elections, Modi/Yogi must support her."	1
Hats off to CNBC for covering this development so closely	0
The one who always turn out to be opportunist using a student as launchpad against BJP. Rather than being responsible leaders and doing sonething to resolve the issue everyone is busy in slamming each other giving rise to this stupid debate. This issue could have been resolved easlity if evrry one had played their role well. But no one wanted to miss out an opportunity to serve their political propoganda. Shame seriously.	1
"Modi haters...Plz mind Ur own business and Ur tongue...Let him go ahead...Tum Jese logo ke vajase ye Desh aage nhi badhraha... Aese log hoge to how ll he go ahead with his work..Hw ll he bring the good days...Jus stop all this nonsense.... Stop commenting if u hate him..."	1
"Oh Pak army or should say porki hijada army whose country didn't excepted the bodies of their dickless coward army during kargil war,army which submitted infront of Indian army in 1971 and east Pakistan became Bangladesh...And hijada army couldn't even save school childrens from merciless killings and Indian forces really  reached Lahore in 1965.."	1
Now Randia will seek What is the Real Surgical Strike	0
Your view on Larsen.. It has come down a bit.. Do you see it has good potential go up.	0
How the  Pakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation.	1
Lolz look who's talking about decency	1
Hello sir i am realy ur great fan u take a good decision u will give order to income tax department ride all mp and mla homes	1
"Yes, time for mr. Kejriwal and aap to face the truth and change the way they work!"	0
those who  are eating Beef or buffalo meet ask dem once are they really Hindu a true hindu man would nver touch beef like a muslim who nver touch pork so every religion has some boundation some follow it some not so plzz don't comment on whole communtiy dats not correct!	1
"Well said Sir: ""Data is the oxygen of Digital Life!"""	0
"Sir, I want to know if any person who will be new in Stock market investment, Being the new in the market with which stock of the company he can start his investment in current stock Market."	0
"Today i went to a pathologist  for blood test I asked him for digital payment first that doctor Denied for e payment i said him now a days a hawker is also accepting the digital payment. Y u r not accepting u r a doctor educated person. He was so ashamed and admitted and accepted my pay tm wallet payment. Thanks modiji"	1
very true.Delhi CM please stop shaming Delhi voters .	1
Yess...we hindus considered cow as a god. But where were your people?. Why didnt your people tried to save him or offer ambulance. Ohhhhhh i forgt they were bzy in playing triple talaq or planning to find next bombing place right?	1
And he was hell-bent to oppose Tesla for developing AC current. Went on kill horses in public to show that AC power is dangerous..	1
Only arvind kejriwal can be the best prime minister of India	0
"Reservation seats from different organizations. .. Families of such students thank God for their absence in their homes."	1
"There are few e-commerce models in the market raking in windfall gains, what's up with SD...Why can't this company follow the pattern!! The onus lies on the management that is overseeing the critical processes. Either management or the way processes are being handled or both need to be scrutinized & rectified. Employees are main drivers, why axe their jobs??"	0
"In TN poor farmers are drinking their urine... no one is even bothered to resolve their basic issues.... aaj KAL Indian mai show off bahoot hogaya  Cosmetic efforts are being promoting from every were... but genuinely no one is keen about to look at basic issues"	1
Speaking in lok sabha will be followed by anonymous voting and he's feared that the descent in his party will reflect in the votes leading to dent his image for the upcoming elections.	1
"Crude prices are low but about. 51.36% as total taxes   Why so high taxes  Why punish taxpayers for poor performance of CEA & Fin ministry  Col Lamba"	0
No competition with Royal Enfield. Absolutely different kind of bikes.	0
45 is also too much.	0
More jawans of indian army ready to go to hell	1
How can you expect mr old man? As long as pigs are there in india it never ever happen.	1
Will u consider healthcare as part of developnent? Or rural roads or promoting education of women.	0
So this means that all the working mothers treat their babies as puppies Future of every household is not so secure. Salute to the real women who earn as well spend quality time with their children	1
Thanks Anuj for the Belly-icious Information about Tony's Pizza. You just made me forget about the stocks and I went researching on Videos of the Tony's Pizza. I now crave for it. 🙈😜 Please come to India soon @Tony's Pizza 😅	0
Police and CID demanding a bribe for passport verification.....is this true???	0
Bata share going low day by day. I had bought at 539 now it's 490 shall i hold ??	0
Why she is shouting man ? Whats with Gospel Gothic Opera ?	1
I regularly watch CNBC-TV18. This TV Channel is a hub of optimism. Keep it up.	0
Prakash Diwan had recommended Universal Cables as a stock pick for 2017; does he still hold on to the view?	0
India's economic growth not dependent only on exports: Commerce Minister	0
Unebeivable atory. Some time back India was wrongly claiming surgical strikes in Pakistan and now claiming surgicam strike  by Pakistan. Wrong again.	1
"I fully support Mr. MODI  STEP but why  Liberty for Political parties. ."	1
"He himself is surviving on his wife's salary , he is just venting out his frustration of being unemployed ☺😜"	1
Dear all we salute Mr.Narendra Modi Sir the words witch has Promise Before Election Black Money Non Tax able Amount will be Banned. The same has proved by Our Daring Real Horn able PM. Mr. Narendra Modi Sir. and also we hope the except no one can do and vont do except. Horn able PM. Mr. Narendra Modi Sir.	0
It's a conspiracy to sell more RailNeer bottled waters :P	1
Sonu nigam said his felt pain. All religions should stop force influence on people by all means. His mentioned community has lion share in noise	1
"Gud riddance, dis commi n his ilk shud hv bn shown d door love ng back, better late den never, scum"	0
Buy Piramal enterprises strong buy tgt is ₹ 3500 😯😯😯😯😯😯😯🍁	0
Dont use the word martyre for non muslim. Its specific for Muslim only. Use travelling to hell instead of martyre.	1
"Twitter is not India! See the grassroots, people are crying and dying! The mirage of something 'better is coming up' will also break soon!"	0
If AAP retains this old RSS man in the party AK May not be in the current status. He May lost everything if this bjp. Agent stay with him	1
Watching from USA kajriwal is not a working guy he has big mouth	1
huge respect for your love to nation more than family.. Students of JNU & DU have learnt a lesson from this great Father.	1
If this News is true I m more den happy	0
I wonder @ndtv has a dedicated team of reporters working on specific assignment on cows. They went to Assam for this but failed to reach Malda in Bengal. Recently a Hanumanji temple was vandalised in Kashmir but i think cow plays an important role in trp of @ndtv	0
shah rukh kahn must n=be given a punish seroiusly ou acting lke that to a girl..	1
Tigor will be in showrooms post March 28: Tata Motors MD	0
"If Rupee is Lakshmi, Old Lakshmi is visiting temples nowadays!!"	1
With change in American Politics we should expect slump in pharma sector	0
Or by one person who steals ideas from a team of people	1
Where is  the  advanced   modren ambulances  helping  for needy people who  are  so sick.What party rules the state forgotten  their promises  for people.	1
Hahaha..awe that people like u still exist.. MCPs.. no need to make an argument wid u..u got no brain for that!	1
That is good news. HA ha ha	0
These garbage media make him more famous by posting crap news related to him.	1
The jagran didn't go 365 day's. But all the other disturbs. Only good thing is Halalaa - the masti for men.	1
When one of their own sings a Bhajan they take out a Fatwa.Most intolerant religion.	1
"Stop dictating, there is jungle raj in bjp ruled states, where innocents are killed by terrorists, and those terrorists are with full hope that party in power will come to their rescue.."	1
I think these would be terrific alternative to sleeping.    Could get rid of the tv.   Get the cost down to $10 a night.    We could use about 5000 of them in Portland!	0
Sonu nigam...this precious azaan has came to us after lot of sacrifices of our Beloved Prophet(Peace be upon him) and his Followers (may God please with them) so kindly don't think negatively it is better for u..no one can stop Islam coz its a religion given by God through our Beloved Prophet (PBUH).	1
"SArthak Sharma Boss sorry , I may not agree with you because you are telling about his corruption but friend pl analyse other leaders irrespective of their parties and you will find that Politicians are 100% corrupt. You may be knowing him that is why you are telling but there are many whom you may not be knowing but are 100% corrupt. In politics you can not survive without corruption at least in India."	1
"Robotics & Automation everywhere.....Forms of Robotics that are emerging after Robotic Baggage/suitcases too....+Bharat Bhatia, Ritika Arora Bhatia, Komal Damani, Gaurav Jamgaokar, Meghna Jhaveri, Rahul Harsh Rajé., Rahul Jhaveri, Puneet Sanghvi .... :-)"	0
"when India will start war, no one country will help Pakistan.."	1
Pakistan made mistake by giving access to Afghanis when Soviets were there...next time it wont happen	1
"Ye video kisi bhi political party se kaafi upr h, its just you media can't see it but we people do. So just stop feeding the society whatever you want we know whats right!!"	1
Sacked Delhi minister Kapil Mishra holds a press conference making more allegations against Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal	0
"It was a shock to me as well when Yogi was made CM despite matured people like Rajnath Singh in the race. But my observtion says, sometimes responsibility makes you mature and thoughtful. Lets hope for the good."	1
We need  action not only talk ... we respect  modiji if government  don't take any action we all Indian never  ever respect  you .show them  our chalaba modiji	0
He is same joker who got a tight slap from King Khan for his stupid behaviour and he could not do anything. Again he is proving that he is expert in stupidity and nobody can match him in that. Btw who is Shirish Kunder? Shirish is the guy who got a tight slap from King Khan......and he is husband of Farah Khan.......this is his introduction......and media is giving so much importance to a person like him just to target BJP and Yogi ;-)	1
You also tell why people should vote for AAP...??? Who calls it a honest party... every other day they are involved in scandals... If you bad mouth someone day in day out you can't expect support... BJP wanted to show real face of AAP to Delhi people and has shown it...	0
kumar is becoming like shazia limi. so quit aap and join with her.	1
The Financial Express: Get ready to pay upto Rs 1 lakh more for small diesel cars after #BSVI implementation!	0
nusrat r u indian or not?	1
There is too-much difference  in cash award announced in comparatively of position achieved. Bronze medalist value should be approx 70% of Silver medalist value.	0
Yes white boss you made a right decision you did not join with Kejriwal God saved Kejriwal and AAP as well Delhi people from this culprit	1
Don't politicize the issue.  Have some decency and dignity over the death of human.  Be human.  If you want to eat cow and if not available eat PIG you are a piggyboy.	1
This woman thinks spending an hour with one's own kid is a choice. She annoys me.	1
After paying so much bribes to officials where there is money for good material	1
"They want nation to become a superpower . Becoming a superpower didn't only mean u make missile launch satellite or get million of foreign investment .where is infrastructure where the hell majority of population getting basic facility like healthcare. Water and education.  Jst increase unemployment  ......."	1
Do you see any  surge in Asian paints for the next 2 -3 months?	0
Hi Anuj Happy Diwali... I have sml Isuzu 1k @1425 pls suggest should I wait or...	0
Then no more Hebrew spoken  in America.  This creature is an evil instigator.	0
Anna ji is reading too much too early. He knows what it needs to be in politics and I am surprised why has he not praised AAPs works...RSS shadow? What happened to his Lokpal?	0
People need intellectual brain to understand what Mr Modi is doing... people abusing him are Bewkoof	1
"Cess on water, including mineral waters & aerated waters capped at 15% ad valorem"	0
"Correct.let cows vote for her too. We need people who live for people and nature."	1
No they r wrong. She is directly educating others in addition with her add	1
HINDALCO FEB FUTURE ONCE BREAK 186.50 THEN ONLY SELL IT THERE AND MORE ON HIGHER SIDE 193 WITH STOPLOSS 202.50 TARGET 146-116 (ONCE THE POSITION EXECUTE CARRY TILL TARGET OR STOPLOSS :) )	0
Sure dude we know in Pakistan only brothers and sisters have intercourse (all of pork is bc)	1
people who have loads of cash will find ways to save their money and get them exchanged... Only the people who will suffer is the common man..	0
A few more lucky terrorists about to get their 72 virgins soon. 👍🏼👍🏼	1
U r the best... we proud of u... we r with u ....	1
He should first be thrown behind bars and thereafter he should be barred from boarding any airlines	1
"If Mallya extradited to India, then the British law department will get the world recoganization. We Indians will believe it."	0
This old man does not know todays bjp politics.He should ask where is Lokpal	1
"That's what happens when you can't discern between a military activity and an act of barbarism.     Remember the NLI, bodies of whose soldiers you refused to acknowledge during kargil conflict.      So, keep your knowledge to yourself and live in your own fantasy land."	1
She will also suffer thu shame on her y u people are making shame to everybody	1
its good to encourage and support sportsmen but you should give infrastructure too O.P jaisha the Marathon runner even they don't get drinking water after finishing her Marathon         shame on you guys	0
"Why should you have to beg for your money, people those who black money do you think they will walk to bank to submit? . Common people effected. Big Big Big failure."	1
Get lost we dnt wnt.......bc... where is d Satellite and where is that cheap china Pakistan road goto hell nonsense 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂	1
"mnrega -35 ,000 crore bananas are sanctioned by central , make sure all bananas reach ."	0
Gud one but im buying the future today for cheap or bargain price	0
Manmohan  singh   ha ha ...  someone else 's mouth piece   has guts to speak..ha ha	0
lot of analysts and institutions like Lupin as their choice in top 3.. but the stock is stuck forever in 1400 range... and now in 1300.. ur view pls	0
"Who cares, media like Indian Express cares  bloody guy statement ..."	1
pregnancy loan ...h1b visa for future child in pregnancy ...come on make your ideas that sell world wide	0
"Where are the olemas of AIMLB ? Triple talaq is so impulsive that even husband regrets later on after uttering it. This is also not in Quran and thats'why majority of Muslim countries don't observe this cruel system. Even in India sects like Ahle Hadith, Shia don't follow it."	1
so the shadow is out of sight ? again .	0
Politicians basic qualification is to be great fool maker of the people. Better you fool the public the better politician you are. For example Modi and so on.	1
I pity desperation of IE to just malign Modi and now Yogi at any cost.	1
"Shunglu report is ok  What about mcd.  Delhi Most corrupted corporation in India led by BJP."	1
"Dasgupta, please stay out of Kerala politics. Keralites know what's best for them."	1
You characters will never feel happy.  Any where you go and live.	1
"Come on babe.. heads are waiting for you.. but first ask those generals if they are still alive who wanted to do breakfast in Lahore in 1965, ask them how warmly Pakistanis will welcome you."	1
Indian Express you are making it viral like you made Cheep Thrills !!	1
"""And I suppose we're gonna ignore the fact that the most developed countries in the world, the Nordic nations, are basically socialist"" You defending socialism or Communism.On nordic countries None of them have an army they have no expenditure on army due to NATO whose budget is contributed by US majorly a CAPITALIST country, they were capitalist first then became socialist, u need to have income to redistribute it too hard to get?"	1
"Guys this is called real surgical strike This is called guss ker marna"	0
So now again it will continue. Right sir.	1
Don't make pp fool they nows u indians is begest hypocrites	1
Let him shut his ears and sleep. I live near Darga and not a single day has it annoyed me.	1
Disgrace there are no intellects in the current Indian politics.	1
The tactic of social media ban failed so india have to resort to these cheap tactics once again to blame their comprehensive failure in kashmir on pakistan	0
For the first time a PM lied to the country !	1
"Why our Honourable PM is saying ""Some forces are up against him, they may not leave him alive"" For entire nation this is a terrible thing when our own PM do not feel safe. Who are those people, are they more powerful than India? Is he talking about internal security breach?"	0
"Nifty is manipulated.  The expiry depends on option data. The late surge at the end shows shortcovering. I bet it is manipulated"	0
"2 Indian army soldiers were come to LOC for surgical strike And go back after mutilation 😂😂😂😂"	1
He does not want India develop he is only concern.  is	0
Good to know that HRD Minister acknowledges the fact that quality work and research happens in JNU	1
"Nothing can compete Royal Enfield, it's a pride of a man."	0
"I wud rather call it noise pollution, but forced religion. Coz, i smtyms feel that these speakers are nt allowed in any gurudwara, jaagran, masjid, mandir coz they smtyms really disturb at nyt, during exams Or if they are allowed den their volume should be maintained to a limit."	1
"Greetings we need a business partner investor to come and invest in Namibia Africa construction, IT, Tourism, Banking, Mobile Telecommunication, Entertainment, Transport road, airlines and sea willem gariseb consumernews@iway.na +264812498161 I need a investor  Coming soon to India Hyderabad Indiasoft2017 willemgariseb77@gmail.com +264812498161 it will be 12-14 February  Regards Willem"	0
This is what u can do .....	1
Our prime minister was saying demonitisation must have done in1971 that time inflation was too high due to Bangladesh liberation war and due to drought if demonitisation was done at that time people reeling under inflation might have died if they can't get employment what is happening today the casual labour and farmers are the most affected today allover digitalisation is their but at that time even electricity was a luxury	1
It is a  passing  phase.  Have  patience.	0
What is provocation in this. India TV can write this as a statement. Adding 'provocative' by you is the real provocation. It's  Dalai lama's opinion. Unnecessarily sensationallising.	0
"Thanks for ambani sir please provide 3g sim cards also it will be also helpful for the customers who are using 2g ,3g mobiles."	0
Then why you are killing our own people there ?He took so many days to understand this simple thing	1
"Sonu is right...  Muslims believe in nirakar philosophy ... Then y they build mosque with loud speakers... They can do worship allah at home.."	1
"Present day politics has  auctioned it's sovereignty to caate, creed, religion and ofcourse money. No political philosophy can withstand the pressure of corruption and that has been proved in many places in the modern history. Why elsewhere take examp: of China, Russia, West Bengal,and Kerla  dol you find Marxs ideology achieved the goal? Can you explain why Mnisters were caught for disproportianate assests and charges of bribes in CHINA,RUSSIA and every where under left rules.? It was. Not is."	1
And don't show me your machoness! India is mine too as much as yours!	1
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks  Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow	0
"whether u believe or not ,don't call Jesus Muslim. ,Muslim is just rewrite by muhamnd ,tats all"	1
"And yet they claim there shall be no beef ban in north east india, while the sangh ideologue Mr. Bhagwat demands a nationwide ban on beef. Hypocrisy at it's best!. *slow claps*"	1
what a shame!! such nonsense !!! :((	1
Why is state public schools are so poor in quality education and central govts Kendriya Vidyalayas giving national toppers!  there should be will our state institutions are result of fault of politicians and public servants and also our own lack of awareness.	1
Himanshu Meena Pl see the headlines of news which is highlighting the weakness of IPS officer because tears came to her eyes and not Honorable MLA. Media too has twisted in the same direction as directed by their Owners.	1
"So what big deal. Chara chor Lalu Yadav convicted by court out on bail by Supreme court,bhadwa journos of RNDTV are ready to give blow job to him any time in the name of so called secularism"	1
it iz not what u said but ur ending time is near	1
Hi Sonia congrats. And wish you good luck for your baby	0
If i live in the country where mob behaves like this and have licence to kill then i feel shame...by ur logic..taliban is also right who stone to death people...	0
I agree with Sonu Nigm	1
Yesterday Transport sector in US closed at record high. Bharat forge has large market in US is Bharat forg a good buy For American Infrastructure spending play and India's defence?	0
Why not for every one why only for women only .why not men...men dost have pain..men are not humans??	1
Award well deserved for bringing glory to our country may u'll shine forever	0
"Appreciate Good work and Question all the wrongs. But, keep up to the topic instead of abusing for no reason.  Thanks"	1
"This person is totally opportunist when his downfall start ,starting barking against him"	1
No one should be put in such a situation!Where is the humanity ???😡😢	1
What was done by Congress. Issue was never resolved by Congress. Now time has come to have war now.	0
Yea so says the people from states with no proper primary healthcare or proper sanitation.	1
"""They (CPI-M) will come to know the strength of the BJP in other parts of the country if they did not stop violence against workers in Kerala"""	1
Why now media is disclosing these 11000 bills at the peak  of mcd elections....n overall its not paid n under inspection.....	1
It is a darma ..no viletions by pak army.. India army is a presure of unrest in country..	1
"It is shameful to support the MLA ,first he should know he was elected by people he is not s born ruler and must understand to behave in public"	1
"@Ahmed Razeen: what exactly are you talking about?  Kejrijoker is clever, seriously? It's called cunning. kejrijoker made personal comments on others for which Delhi people are paying price in crores!!! He hosted VIP dinners for AAP supporters for which a"	1
Exactly..i am with you on this kangana.atlast someone had guts to speak truth !!	0
Farmers are dying in Maharashtra and why is silent.. I will tell because bjp hai	1
"There was a huge focus on digitisation, electronic manufacturing in Budget: Electronics & IT Secy"	0
What was the reason to see upswing in power sector today	0
great show!! Nilesh bhai is awesome.. !! i missed intro of him. can i have more details so that i can follow his portfolio.	0
et says they crushed cnbc ....you people say we crushed times now ....so both of you people do not speak facts ......then how can we trust market news ...	1
"Arpit Bardiya they think rajnikanth thought of reviewing baahubali. Little did they know that Prasant Maheshwari told rajnikanth to do so.  #thunderstealer #RealGod"	0
add cloz                           list clear                poke must	0
Dear my all comment friend when you are 2to 4 month you r  mum fed milk to u after 10 to 2year your family by cow milk fed to you make health and strong after u young and y eat cow that means u eat yr mum	1
#ENTERTAINMENT | #Phillauri collections witness a dip over the week.	0
"It's right time to buy tata stocks...  And I'm confident that this stocks will rise... And benefits to us..."	0
problem with people is if we dont do anything.. we blame him and now he has something big and they are diverting it comparing it with wrong things.. one thing at a time ..	1
Prashant Singh is joining Republicans in USA	0
Modiji you r our beloved PM and we all 125 crores indians are with you only the selfish and corrupt people wil not want you to be re-elected but we know you will again shine in 2019 electctions bcos you r for the people by the people and for the people	1
Why isnt Anna asking BJP to implement Lok pal bill ? Why isnt he doing any fast to force Bjp to get back black money from swiss banks ? Anna did all the drama to remove congress but not to change the system.	1
"ha ha ha, then what ? What else you can expect pushpak vimaan teams  :v :v :v :v :v"	1
No change of goal digital payment is a by product of fighting black money	1
Why you prestutudes give importance to a convicted thief.	1
They are worse than Taliban terrorist backed up and blessed by current regressive government... Leading nation at global level. Only solution is execution of Cow-ward terrorist the same way how they did to other. Otherwise India is already in dark ages.. from developing nation to under developed is proof where we are at global level and where we are heading.	1
latha venkatesh....please dont show your teeth for valentine...dont be a senseless person......though you r little bit underdeveloped mentally.....	1
WHO WILL WASH ? ......COME ON SURF ...DO NOT SURF OUR BRAIN .........WITH YOUR OLD   DRESSING CODE .....WE ARE TARZANS	0
By the way whose this GIRL???	1
I worked in Airtel more than 4 years totally chor hai Airtel co.	0
Cow is not more important than a human life. I think democracy is for the people not for animals.	1
"Completely wrong,  ATM out of cash is the ground reality.....you pleople are lieing all around"	1
This papers analysis is wrong. As usual the Indian media is always uncharitable to BJP. In my view Shiva Sena has been cut to size and shown the door. Had both the parties contested together then shiva sena would have offered BJP 50-60 seats. Now Shiv sena cannot take BJP for granted. Shiv sena should learn to live with BJP otherwise their presence  will be reduced to small areas like dadar.	1
Ramya krishnan anushka prabhas and of course rajamouli sir the real person to choose these artists loved every bit of the movie 👌🏻👍🏼	0
"Can TV reporter impute knowlege of case against him to CM?Can CM is omnipotent to know any person sharing dias what is he and even his name.TV channels are with such news to blame any CM,PM this is there regular business"	1
Legitimate holding of jewellery upto any extent is fully protected	0
Kerala has government with guts to counter politicising issue of ban of beef by BJP when all the people let it be minority only have all respect and uphold sanctity of  cow but creating fear sychosis even for other livestock which are legally allowed is a hypocrisy and arrogance.	1
Views on Motilal oswal financial for long term I have 1100 share @ 512	0
Last day of week what can we expect in nifty tmrw ?	0
"My parents were working couple , that didn't deter to spend quality time with us , Mira Rajput should refrain from talking something that doesn't make sense . Why don't she carry her daughter when she attend parties with her hubby ????? Or sit back at home n look after her kid ?"	1
"mr perveaz, great PM lal Bahadur was uneducated, nehru was foreign educated so he like mount baton more than SINDH so he gave away sindh to jinnah like he was surrendering his pocket money. patriotism is important not HARVARD"	1
How can i sear or inform corruption or basic news with your NEWSCHANAL	0
Is being glamorous thay easy? All of us are doing hard work in our profession. We see brighter side of bollywood divas and heroes but don't know what goes in reaching that stage.	0
Dnt worry gay....u will die soon frevr than u dnt have to wakeup	1
Leaving the industry should be her decision not others business.	0
Nidhish Muralidharan Nair I feel one day you may convert also. when you realise and understand what you are following.	1
"🏇🚴🏇 ρσωєяєd ʙʏ Zeexhan MaliCk 🏇🚴🏇  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 India TV :|] 🏡 Friday 📆 28 📆 April 📆 2017 🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 CH Botters 🏡 India TV 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  54 seconds ⏰ 🏡 Personal Bot By  Zeexhan MaliCk 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡"	0
Wrong statement made by #Indianexpress 👎	1
As to sing vande Matram hurts your people.  Your actions can also hurt others	1
Remove Gandhis and remove appeasement of minorities and remove quotas!! Advocate Meritocracy and India will reach it's true potential.	1
U r one buchokd kind of person who just have hatred against a particular person/party no matter what is being said abt you hv to cry ....and if u really want to ask question where ur mouth was in dirt in 2011 when 75 of our soldier were killed in India's biggest ever naxal attack?? Had u asked UPA govt abt it??	1
"It's very personal what someone is eating,but we need to respect people's feelings, she shouldn't have made it public....similarly we need to respect other people's feelings too"	1
"My son,30yrs.,is bank employee.He is posted in interior, since last 4 yrs.because he is not transferred,he got in to depression, basically he is negative by nature.,non cooperative with manager.Presently he is under severe depression,He has taken to psychiatrist,&also responded to the treatment.However he discontinuing the treatment.pl.advice what to do.Thanks."	0
"Hi Anuj , is this time buy on dips strategy coupled with consistent DII's flow propel market to new high any time soon"	0
Its really a bold step to curb so called black money	0
Hope to achieve target of 2 million Aadhaar enabled POS by September: Electronics & IT Secy	0
She is because in this advt because other celebs dont endorse its all about image her image is like that only :)	1
"Even Pawar voted for BJP .. Shiv Sena leave the assembly he's ready to support BJP otherwise what SULE n AJIT will do without power whatsoever little ."	1
"Yes,very true,SP compromised and see where it took them,in garbage dump!!!.😀😀😀"	1
"Who said u are alone. Entire media, other state ppl are calling you as Amma. We are all ur family"	0
"I think the bike is being assembled now, till then this crap is presentedto entertain us."	1
"Demonitisation is like a medicine, it might taste sour to most of us but will show its effect slowly and steadily...."	1
An innocent citizen of India was murdered by a gang of thugs in Rajasthan!	1
Do they do the same for pork?	0
And people are like wow !!	1
"Now we can aspect same with Afjal Guru, bt sad to say that President had transfered his ""Daya Yachika"" to home Ministry...."	0
These all happen with absolute knowledge of the oil companies sales managers. Why didn't they take it for any actions?	1
"The government has raised diesel prices by 51 paisa per litre and planned similar monthly hikes in future, to cut record subsidies.  Do you think it's a justified move from the government to meet its fiscal deficit?"	1
Since Vodafone is not listed company how valuation of Idea was decided.	0
This bus race are pollachi to coimbatore route in tamilnadu	0
Is there a chance for big bear market as pe ratio is nearing 24 and we havent had a big bear market after 2008	0
"coaches never learn , they only teach ....dell or hell ?"	0
"Anna Hazare you are not a Gandhian, you are a BJPian."	1
No Income tax is the only brilliant idea given by Subbo	0
Which cements Stock is best to buy for 4years timezone	0
LEAD APR SUSTAIN ABOVE 144 IS IN BUY FOR UPSIDE TGT 156-166-185 OTHERSIDE SUSTAIN BELOW 144 WILL IN SELL CMP 145.80	0
Not surprising..they are from pakistan😂😂😂	0
"NO BIGARE BOL, CHANGE YOUR MIND, IT IS THE PERFECT BOL FOR THE CONGRESS,"	0
Is there any chance of nifty weekly expiry like bank nifty expiry	0
Anna Hazard is a novice now. His voice has got no value.	1
"Hello, Sonia, I have yet not selling my stocks for llosses ast 18 month. What is problems?"	0
"We are forced to listen to your music in public places Can u stop singing ?"	1
One wrong decision to elect a wrong person Mamta Banerjee sparked Bengal	1
Electronic media sold & mortgaged their Soul  Heart Brain to BJP looks highly financed	1
There are 1.30 billions Indians to wish ISRO we don't this bollywood actors to wish our scientists and especially this family Bachchan	0
today your so called freedom fighter killed 5 kashmiri policemen and 2 bank official..in attempt to loot cash from van. what will u say...do u support this act of your freedom fighter	1
vehicle whole body bubbling and chipping problem. this is only 2-3 month old vehicle whole body 9 times paint.	0
"Thuroor, how will you rate the time of Nehru Indira and Rajeev.  Man talk logical. You are suppose to be educated and public is also not fool."	1
i like grey hair that is the reason 50:50 (krackjack)	1
they can produce only child and child nd many many	0
Incumbents can survive despite competition as large part of India unbanked: Usha Ananthasubramanian	0
And halala too.... Hiw can u forget HALALA ....While speaking abt Triple Talaque.... Halala is d only motto of maulvi. True ?	1
I have rarely seen him make comments on buy or sell. Most of the times he just explains what has happened or what is likely to happen in simple words. That's either his own judgement or expert's observation. The guy has a gift of gab.	0
gujarat in the west-what a thing  and manipur in the east what a disaster?sigh!!!	0
"Your problem is your religion.., he may be a noble laureate..  Here the question is hard work.  How hard did he work to show the might or the valour of India to the rest of the world like our PM.  His daughter is in films who is ready to act even nude..  So the second thing is our culture and values.  Considering your religion this may be insignificant to you.  But that is another curse on  India.. We have to bear it..."	1
"the solution could had been availability of Rs.100 currency in abundance or swift replacement of new currency within say 7 days of announcement. But sadly nothing happened, this has resulted in miseries of common people and taken out wind from the move. Bad experience."	0
As per RBI guidelines. The name of a customer is not important while transferring the funds through net banking.	0
Porkistan go home have more intercourse & produce more Terrorists on border.Indian army is waiting their to send them to jannat Allah tooh akbar	1
We are in the job of supplying fuel 365 days: HPCL CMD	0
How can this be a great move when there are people losing there lives....good innocent people.  Totally not justied!	0
"Clearly not read history,only some distorted form of it serving a particular section. I wonder whether the real struggle of Indian Independence would remain intact for coming generation to know what inspired it. India turning into a reluctant democracy with a rider"	1
Pakistan is a terrorist country with no humanity and development vision. One should not forget that this country is born only for jihadi activities and terrorism	1
"Sonia I am holding Rel cap 430, please suggest what  to do"	0
"Most modi bhakts are biggest c and hate mongers of the era how comes pk was insult to Hindu God?  It was a lesson for the people to not fall in the trap of dhongi babas and yogi all."	1
Hey why don't you choose dog Vijay Singh then you don't have to worry about any Govt as you won't have any	1
Did Tata group breach their own rules? I'm referring to the age bracket.	0
"this is totally insane if Kashmir citizen was not indian then way we need there country , we Indians occupied them so its our duty to protect them and provide them there basic needs and wants.."	1
They shouldn't experiment with some solution created through their delusional minds and destroy rivers even further.	1
ur the digest drama artist I saw in my life .. ur just a puppet.. everyone knows who's the puppet master...	1
Ask smith??? He said india will never gonna win in SA........	0
"Dr. Raghu Ram Rajan was defenitely an intellectual and genius. That is the reason he became Indias RBI governor. But when it comes to performance, I think, he could not deliver what India expected of him. He took charge as RBI givernor when India was on a take off line. But the governor failed to press the accelerator . I think he was rather keeping his feet on the brake.  All genius are negatively oriented."	1
"Wow partap, u r the guys who politicise corporate happenings."	0
India will react by not playing cricket with Pakistan or they ll make a bollywood movie against Pakistan in which they will show their army doing surgical strike... lol	1
No one is in India to compete with you sir.	0
Grow up people and understand that there is no place for poor people in India.They are discrimenated in every states of our country.Ofcourse govt announces many schemes for the poor but those schemes hardly reach them.Sad but hard fact about our great country India.	1
""" Election and fake encounter at the same time.. Only one party will gain votes through this incident. """	1
The reason might be as Mr. Cyrus Mistry stopped non -  profitable business of Tata Group.	0
That is why Kashmir situation goes worst day by day	1
"Indians are blessed to have you Sir, may your services felt to each and every Indians."	0
its their personal money and not any govt fund.....so why does it hurts	1
OMG.!!  Love it. No one can nail that dress better than PeeCee... Absolutely no one... U rock..!!!	0
rural market  even if it earns it will not spend ...it is a conservative market of old india ...1950 -1980 ...so make sure your investments are made right .........	0
People invest 1.40 L for 150 cc 17 bhp non abs bike (r15)	0
Ha..ha..ha..some people controlling a countries law and order...our judiciary is blind in this case...how can see it??? the eye is covered with a black ribbon...	1
fighting with the system to make it more corrupt...11 lakh on lunches...stop being a retard for life kid...	1
Who said killing him is correct ?	0
Aiyaz Khan This has no relevance to the subject matter.	0
"this should be a larger issue of our country than secularism, hindutva, gou politics etc, but it very unfortunate that no party comes to raise..."	1
"Meghraj accidents can happen anywhere. Kolkata Traffic Police is doing their best to spread awareness about driving on roads, if people doesn't follow the rules they're responsible for their own accidents, stop blaming the entire Bengal for that."	1
But our siblings and nxt generation can enjoy the fruits....don't be selfish.	1
Go ahed and search for adcom on the web u will find the same phone	0
Tata motors?.. How much can it go?.. How is the mgmt restructuring viewed?	0
A DALIT then I guess it's high time to remove reservation.	1
What would be right time to enter stock such as uflex pnb Gilts	0
Anuj and Sonia Your Views about  Kaya ltd for long term.?	0
Muhammad Saqib Nawaz Saki 7 Pakistan pigs dead body reached also	0
"@Ravi Shankar Prasad, I really support u... :) whn a player win any medals, thy r rewards like anything with crores of rupees but when a soldier dies in the border that tym the govt doesn't ve any money for the family.."	0
You disowned your trusted soldier kasab.  Osama remained in your country and you did not resist when they were captured alive by american forces in your own country.  Hence world knows that your country is full of pigs and you have been in denial mode and you will perish one day and will be wiped out of the globe	1
Vikram..Singh...I think..you don't know..congress has been kicked out from centre	1
Going to haj on Government subsidy & Tax payer's money   is development ???Idiot	0
"Ha..ha...I don't understand the mentality of such type people...the person who is in the favour of BJP ....who is Villain...,&...the person who is against BJP ....who is hero for u......"	1
"Hi anuj, MSS coming into picture, the liquidity has been Stabilised, What if rate cut doesn't happen??? How wil marlets react???"	0
mahesh this cloths aren't design to wear every day lol and she is walking on carpet not delhi road.	0
Communist are deshdrohi.  Narendra Modi is building new India.	1
All your videos get stuck at some point what's the fun of making these.Have a good internet connection or a good phone to make these.	0
BANKNIFTY TOMORROW ONCE BREAK 21668 THEN IT WILL BE IN SELL THERE AND MORE ON HIGHER SIDE NEAR 21800 STOPLOSS WILL BE 21980 AND TARGET WILL BE 21200-20800 and more	0
When will we stop reacting? Can't we act and let Pakistan decide how to react.	0
why is the girl standing on the table behind you?	0
As usual minorities are complaining when will they stop seeing things from preceptive of there religion.  Religion divided us and it still does.	1
"Indian Express is a cry baby...They can any extent to oppose BJP....According to them BJP and Hindutvya has every problems...But propaganda media like it, more people are moving towards bjp"	1
I am the biggest fan of PM -- but as  an indian i want to know why PM is not taking action against the PAPISTHAN?	0
"now on wards.....we have to follow new way with banks,,,,in previous days we were deposited our total money and we with draw what ever req. we do....but now on wards we have to do need based deposits only..."	1
"Anna hazare only wakes up from his sleep when he wants criticize others like congress, arvind, etc buts goes to sleep when it comes to bjp. He is the a drama king without a crown....."	1
"No money eaten by lallu, fodder scam"	1
"Anna was anti congress he played a big role in 2014 elections indirectly...now he don't have any problem with the govt. Even if they don't pass ""jan lokpal""  bill...now his only work is to comment againt other parties just right before the elections😆"	1
Our forefathers were wise. They kept money with them only.	1
"PM Modi, Amit Shah and Rajnath Singh will be attending the meeting along with other leaders."	0
Your hatred cannot be heard... if we start showing love towards modi	0
"For God sake, india is a free country and he's an Indian first, a Hindu and a father and then a celebrity! What's up with you ppl and drawing conclusions and making your own presumptions! It's his account and he has every right to tweet what he feels! If idiots react? Too bad!"	1
Great vision ! Real role model for young people . Simple man with a great mind .	0
"Hai cnbc tv 18.....brain game do watch National geographic channel there by you can recognise true and false facial image created examples actors , false smiles , etc.........muscles of your face . your brain is also highly adopt at recognizing what other peoples' faces are saying...now match your candidate also ...this comments in totality not for any particular subject please ."	1
"karan, you are exactly what she said. you allowed her views to be aired. that does not make you great. it just shows you are a thick-skinned , shameless rogue of bollywood industry."	1
This fellow wants Bharat Ratna from the govt and hence this utterance.	1
"it is alll about "" me, me & me ""."	0
"the power makes staunchest of  mony mokrss but called intellectuals, specially the film makers or pseuo politiians but corrupt clerks of uno and accusd of murdering beautyfulwife or pseudo sculars,chang their names and kp hindu names lik dilep,ajit,mahipal---the list is long even what to talk of colours"	1
India is a Hindu country :D :D :D	0
Nope - he has no right question AK	0
I love Punjab but not playoff	0
Reminds me of Chemical Ali in the Gulf War! Always denying....	1
give him time.. hes 5 times elected m.p not on the basis of saffron dress.	0
How long bull will continue in the market what your views?	0
"💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
"Stupid move. What's wrong with BJP. Hits the axe in its own feet?   Or is the news paper deliberately misreporting?"	1
What can this policy have on Primary bonds dealer like PNB GILTs	0
Us saves south koria and  japan from northkoria  but US helps north koria to distroying south koria  and japan by provoking northkoria	1
He's adding colour to BJP......	1
Nigel could you please ask her if she tracks Alphageo and if yes what does she think of the company from a long term perspective?	0
"Rai’s return after a decade has made the election, in the words of a BJP worker, naak ki ladai."	0
"If you have just joined us.   Piyush Goyal's keynote address starts at - 06:10 The Power Minister's 1 on 1 with Shereen Bhan starts at - 24:20"	0
"We have to watch and see how she is going to play in her next tournament after so much fame, money. Probably relaxed, not much focused..."	1
Please ola and Uber check your driver's driving before making them your company's part...... It's pethetic......	0
What's the future of Infy ... trading btwn 1010 to 1050	0
No need now to tell wht kejriwal is like.Now he stands exposed.Everyone knows him now.He is a big con. He will dye his polititical death very soon.A big dramabaz.Aap n kejriwal doesn't even a good funeral.	1
Hearty congratulations.!! to  AP CM CBN for State of the Year Award.	0
"For kashmiri pandits thy hv no answer, as thy can see only their problms only..like thy do remember proper dates n no. Of ppl got harmed bt thy dont remember their deeds behind that..unfortunatly"	1
this happens when a Maserati got super horny & ended up with a Suzuki...😋😉	0
India will find soon socide attcks mojahedin come to india soon	1
Yes bloody you will act as patriotic when money is involved.	1
I am from.south India? Why congress & BJP are against Mr. Kejiriwal?? Give me some reasons	0
"Raees is different  plot  Not based on abdul lateef  Rahul dholakia clarify WHOLE  thing"	1
behind of army chief Bajwa soldiers belong to Gilgit Baltistan ( NLI ) wearing cultural topi of gilgit baltistan. India clams GB is their lol	1
"Opposition does not understand that this step is political disaster but national building  ... PM has proved that he loves country more than his political future ... great going sir ... ppl will recognise your sacrifices"	1
'I expect it will take the Govt 6 months to remonetise the economy'	0
Bjp increased its tally by 161 percent! Also bjp won 82 vs84 ! For that it may be a MASSIVE win for IE! And how about other municipalities mr.IE? All its editors to staff are always biased towards Modi and bjp! Thats why its popuarity has dipped after 1992!	1
"💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178"	0
She looked gorgeous. Don't believe us? See for yourself.	0
hope it doesn't becomes dominos bike... such a lousy launch	1
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?	0
What is the definition of legal or licensed.. Is the grocery shop in your colony legal? Think y or y not? If u go by this rule more than 50% of shops would be shut down in the market. This was just to target the people of particular community in the name of law. Selling and eating meet is totally normal it's part of our food chain.	1
"Stop Discussing, Stop comments on Soldiers cut in pieces . Just prove it 2 equals 200.. Thats all"	1
please comment on rain industry  regarding today stellar result	0
"They had also planned for Dravidistan, Nizamistan, Bhopalistan, purvistan(eastern states) Kashmir, and other many tribal states."	0
I am eagerly waiting... Thank u soooooo much!!!!	0
Problem is peopl telling moral do not folow it themselves:-) i anyways do nt beleiv in media totally bt wonder why do bhakts do nt ques govt to mak media accountable!!?? Is it for thr own benefit??	0
INDIA KEVL NINDA HI KRE GA OR WO PAK K NAMARD HUME MARTE RHENGE😈😈😈😈😈	1
"Baahubali=a product of the far more developed and advanced south Indian psyche, a psyche that unlike the north mastered quality instead of suicidal quantity: it's stars and actors will have the upper hand in the world of developed India, a world underdeveloped bollytrashwood does not have the ability to cater or produce for."	0
it doesnt matters....there are 72 more waiting for him...😂😂😂..	1
He doesn't respect his religion even. Please learn to respect every religion and all human beings. Than get respect.	1
Though JP is promising to give flats in 1-2 years and they have called for a meeting on 29 th April at their office - the larger question about getting interest for delayed possessions . JP has levied penalties to buyers if payment has not been made now it's their turn to give interest for the money deposited by buyers as stated in their agreements .	0
Wife of shahid kapoor...go and get your own identity first...not everyone is as rich  as u r !!	1
Anna Hazare is the biggest agent of BJP.	1
"We are happy that you lost at ICJ. A country where judiciary is scared, any thing can happen.   Army courts in a democratic country? Is it not strange?"	1
she is just doing a cheap publicity stunt. may be she wants to be in big boss.	1
If it was nonsense do u think people representing congress party would spare him.	1
From civil to defence every where is hindu. What is the moto of RSS??	0
"Respected Person, pl all areas Handover to India Army and order to shootout every naksaliyon"	1
If pak army enter 250 meter alongside thn wher were Rendian army	0
"Worship centres should have the decency to reduce the noice pollution created by them irrespective of religions... Islamic mosque's,Hindu mandirs and christian church's are making trouble to the common. Do you think that your God is deaf ? Prayer is a very personal thing between one person and his deity... Government must do something thing to save the common from this kind of inconveniences"	1
Subhash Shah it means u accept that modi and amit shah r criminals	1
If any chance to provide less interest home lone because after demonetisation banks getting much amount  deposits....currently cash less operation is going on so banks plan to provide security for bank account and digital transaction . ..any new investment plan for this areas Sbi??	0
"Ulta balna, if tripathi then why not sp., before election , now to media ,amit sha to bravely said we are same , minimum non BJP state got to decided."	0
If you do not wish do not pay. Govt should mind its own business.	0
Sir delhi police reports to you and your central government.....still crying think about civilians	1
lacs crores spent for 5 campaigning only from tax payers money.	1
hindu  murdr  in  bngal   till thy  cular   no  frdom  for  hindu   in  bngal	0
DP...pic.saw..with Ranveer..her hair style with song..amazing!! God bless her!!★	0
Please stop such nonsense statement. No results come from any talks. They are not at all worth of it. So tackle the situation as per the demand and betterment of the nation.	1
"10 lakh kashmiri pandits???? When and where are the monuments I head it vary first time from you Mr Phanindra Kumar"	0
I am guessing a 4-6 % upmove on reliance tomorrow. What's your view ?	0
"As charity begins from Home,  so do the white wash if black money...."	1
Aamir Khan Receives Dinanath Mangeshkar Award For 'Dangal'	0
Wipe out Pakistan .. main culprit for all this disturbance	1
He is done his law also	0
Let us remember what Churchill said   Opportunities in difficulty.	0
Everyone who opposes are the ones who cannot do anythn and comment just.	1
People will judge. Y we have to behave like arnab Goswamy way. Influencing people's mind by shouting and going only one side. People voted modi people need to decide good or bad by there own experience.	1
WOULD HE EVER PAY.......? IS THE QUESTION ALWAYS.....? CAN YOU RECOVER FROM GOONS....? HOW....?	0
Saurabh Shinde wht does that mean at least he should ist confermed wht the reality is .......	1
Anna Hazare ???? Oh yes rememberd  the hypocrite who dethroned Congress for Lokpal. Where is Lokpal ? Is he not fasting now ?	1
Islam does not allow smoking and drinking. Why Shahrukh is not following Islam?	1
Miralidharan don't be bhagat try to understand what he has to say	1
Ratan Tata saved Tata group before situation is worsening. Tata shares buying opportunity.	0
"Anna hazare failed in his drama on kejriwal case. Hazare aim is to remove congress from power and he joined with kejriwal. Kejri is clever and he overcome hazare and defeated bjp and opposing till now. Anna hazare wont speak if bjp involve in money scandal, communal violence, hate speeches etc etc. Anna hazare is a hypocritic poison human being. Hazare never thought kejri will come into politics. Hazare may won in defeating congress but lost on kejri matter. Great actor hazare"	1
"Good Drama,well acted by Kapil Misra niw all eyes on Bjp that what reward he will get for this."	1
2000 notes are of no use ... I am staying proper Mumbai I have not seen 500 rupee note .. still banks not giving 500 rs. Notes	1
"You are exaggerating my frnd...most Hindus don't hate muslims atleast in India...can't say about other country though.....afterall we look the same, our behavior similiar so this is just a hype"	1
First of all solve our Indian people's problem which as suffering in money ban... then after have to solve the unemployed people to get job....   till main problem u didn't solve but u Modi. Saying 2022 project... it's impossible to he will pm on 2022..	1
Narendra Das have you been to Kerala. pls go and find out for yourself then you will know that strange creatures and stray dogs are in Bhubaneshwar. Kerala people are far more educated then from your place. you people are still very backward	1
May Her soul rest in peace .my heart felt condolences..	0
"Wow, you are a one of the greatest economist born in India till the date, we all here are very thankful to you because you shared your great knowledge to people of this country."	0
Hii sonia See the Nifty support at 8700 is broken more correction in marker?	0
Launching of an Indian bike in Indian market with Opera...They have got it wrong right from the launch...The Marketing team really needs a BIG round of applause!!!	1
Rajnath singh plz submit your Resignation if you can't handle the situation.  Please	0
indian express is jokeing news	1
S&P and all ratings agency are very bullish on India growth story please inv right time	0
This is his FoS.....Why such issue?	1
His songs aren't doing well so as his brain	1
Farm loan waiver will encourage people to default on loans: Shikha Sharma	0
"Madam, with all due respects, USA does a lot unlike our country"	1
I always wanted sushama to be prime minister.	0
A few days back a Hindu  BJP candidate was telling during election that he will provide first class beef.	0
Anuj and Porinju of the view that markets will make a new high before the budget	0
No surgical strike... Get back Kashmir and and free baloochistan	0
We have seen ur kind of SUR JE KAL strikes so far.......! No need of retaliation hahahahaha	1
"No where close to Royal Enfield. People who said that Dominar 400 cc will impact the Royal Enfield sales, I would say they are just having dream, its not gonna happen. No bike as of now can beat Royal Enfield."	0
That's our govt hospitals  but if u pay the bribes u will get royal treatment after death also	1
Hi Both - how do u see tomorrow's opening for PSU banks ?	0
"I have 3500 shares of HCC at 40/- Your views, please?"	0
Now you are saying what you really think. MR Macchiwala. This the main reason y you are hated here	1
What's your view on quick heal ?Recent cyber breache around the world is a great concern but the problem is their EPS are now also negative Eg Symantec?	0
Will the fmcg sector get re rated coz of GST cmg soon ?	0
Babar Azam's fifty helps Pakistan edge closer to 200 against WI	0
Well done modiji... Many of us wat we Discuss in our daily life with family  and frnds abt issues your making it happen.... Thank you.... It's good for our country... Go on.....	0
"Our govt.will not do anything only statement , speaches only ?"	0
Reduce Government misc expenses first.	1
Wake up and stand by him going to change the life of many poor people	1
It's on.The highway we will never adhere to the traffic rules these are meant for others not applicable for those indulge in breaking the rules	0
could you please forcast about  sterlite technolgies and adani ports	0
Y the hell are you laughing	1
Second term...... no  support from government  = for  future Indian economy  negative .	1
"They are cow rahsah,,, not female protector"	1
C'mon Didi if someone thinks that way sometimes it's a choice made out of lack of exposure. She is only 22. She was not politically correct.	1
ppl are appreciating comments more than a bike whaaa :-D	0
"AIMIM is the anti national party their registeration should be withdrawn. They spreading hatred among community. They are not afraid when they ask to cut the heads, support Stone pelters, and terrorisrs, going against Army. They perform inhuman acts against Animals and beef. they questioned the Indian Constution  they demand separate law system, many more."	1
]BLACK MONEY CONVERTED INTO KAAL SARP YOG INTEAD IMPLANT IT INTO THE EARTH IN THE FORM OF PLANTS.	1
This is reason why .... India still far behind other countries .... Everybody want own benefits .... Selfish world ...	1
Anis Mamoon Basyt Saleh check out .. normie spotted 😅😅😂😂	0
It's good that Mr Ratan tata ji is back to action. See no one can match him as he is the best in his own.	0
let the police make good the loss	1
For tht those hv more thn 2 flats or 2 land is legal rest has to surrender properties to govt	1
But EVM used to vote only fr bjp...	1
Not possible in Sr Yadav life.	1
"If they get even 50% of the money that have been announced, I would feel proud of my nation!!"	0
"For God's sake ... STOP WASTING TIME ON NON-ISSUES, THERE ARE AMPLE PROBLEMS IN THIS COUNTRY TO WORK ON ... PLEASE FOCUS ON THOSE, DEAR GOVERNMENT ... YOU HAVE GOT A JOB TO DO !!!"	0
What kind of report need high command ? Its simple Gandhi family. Until through out Gandhi family from congress it can't win...	1
"Your political view point is not really important, go on Quora and answer questions related to how to make triplets ?  😂😂😂😂😂😈"	1
lol....this is india for u....wasting so much money in expensive films and going to mars..... oeople dying due to hunger and thirst	1
"Need Nilesh Bhai Comments on Glaxosmith Consumer, GSFC and Capri Global. Comments on the Management of Capri Global, GSFC, Glaxosmith."	0
It is going to be a acid test.CONGRATULATIONS TO HIM AND HIS TEAM.	1
Shanglu's report has exposed the real face of Kejri and working of AAP.  Naturally Anna is disappointed.	1
"If you still think Cho was speaking as a sycophant of Modi even after his demonetisation move, you must be extremely anti-Modi."	1
Moon star that sign also belong hindu original  muslims  whare got land all invasion  attack killing  now thay start in usa thare hand works	1
Now he is going to be a headache for his co-passengers during the train journey.	1
"Offcouse he was a Muslim..but he was a former President of India and the great scientist of India. So we cares him...if you don't like that name keep silence , don't talk Rubbish. Every Muslim is not a Terrorist mind it."	0
I thought this bast... rd has already converted.  Why is he still maintaining his name	1
"Madam, pls protect women first. Of course that won't help you in polarising India and gathering votes 😩😩😩"	1
turkey is a muslim country but not run by islamic laws.its not secular but still moderate than other muslim countries thts y its progressive but now to secure his position erdogan is pushing for islamic laws which will ultimately screw the country like pakistan.	0
"Ashish mullick.if you are so pissed off at muslims,you should go whanking some stray donkeys rather than spreading hatred and bad mouthing about our prophet.may god curse you and your family member get stray dog life"	1
Eicher has been a dream stock of the decade..just like the bikes🤘	0
Yea coz BJP govt wants to protect cows instead of humans	1
He might have come to some sort understanding with Indian politicians	0
"Anna has lost the faith of people.He is not saying a single word about faulty EVM ,misuse of Governors,misuse of all the institutions by corrupt Hippocrate Bhajpa."	1
I have a doubt in today's budget. It says that tax rate for 2.5-5 lacs is now 5℅. Again it says that there would be no tax for income upto 3 lacs. How is this possible ? Any idea???	0
Secularism has no meaning as Hindu majority guarantees secularism	0
Haha.Modi said demonetization will remove fake notes & black money. Nobody can remove corruption. And now fake money.	1
"Good News.. Was that open tendering or single bidder with multiple names?"	0
"#AbhySahu....#FakeID..... #FekuBhakth......  Exhistance of u #Bhakth from #Brahma ....by raping his own daughter #Saraswati.... Dats y u #Bhakts r #BornRapists....!!! Pedophile is far better than this....!!!"	0
Not for other countries. .......Nope....Rafael has self software destruction chip in case Bharat goes up against FRANCE....But giving brahmos will be a gross strategic mistakes......because THERE WILL DEFINITELY BE MOLES in Defence and software who will give away our KILLER CHIP SOFTWARE DECRYPTION	1
No he should join aap	0
RTI rights in Political Parties will curb out all the Black Money involved	1
I have a problem with any religions which forces me to be a part of it. So yeah I support him I'm this issue wholeheartedly.	1
Nice job in a while ago but never the best of my favorite part is a very long day at a very long day for you are interested please send us your requirements with you to see the status is a great	0
Cows r nt haram in Hinduism.Cow meat is.Evry religion has equally bloody history.All animals r animals n deserve 2 live	1
"UN members r ready to kill terrorist  Wat they will help radical"	1
If there is sound of thunder then to whom he can blame	1
Such comment by such a public figure is quite annoying bcoz we should not b against such sort of things as we live in a country with a lot of cultural and religious diversity so if people r mentioning  such sort of creepy things where everyone of us live in brotherhood inspite of all this we should respect everyone's feeling and believe	1
"Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?"	1
Send Mani S. Iyar and Salman Khursid to Pakistan because these are the leader who are responsible for undue influence	1
I can also say this it's a natural habit of human. Your thought is very motivational. I am inspired.	0
"Actually Anna hazaray is BJP agent,"	1
"🏡 вoт powered вy •» Adarsh Sharma  🏨 Just Now  Aaj Tak 🚥 Bot On Fire  🏢 Tue : 2 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back Aaj Tak 🏥 Like & Comment Late 2 minute 0 Sec  🏪  BOt By   Adarsh Sharma 🔰 Webotter.ga server-3 🔰"	1
"Pak produces fear in the hearts of enemy, producing brave soldiers"	0
Sonia Pls give your view on Tcs I am in short position in this script.??Should i exit??	0
You seem to be an expert in that 😂	1
This is why going 'live' is usually a bad idea..	0
I think Anna ji should openly accept that he is bjp man and should join bjp.	0
Modiji now its time to give control in the hands of Army.....	1
"Opposing Lokpal Bill.  Allowing Anonymous funding by Companies without any limit.  BJP reverses stand on bringing parties under RTI Removing Information Commissioner M S Acharyulu from HRD after allowing the inspection for Modi's Degree.   Still think BJP is pure?"	1
Which one RSS Terrorist or Hindutiva Terrorist? ????? Gow Rakshak Terrorist  or VHP Terrorist  you decide.	1
Where is owaisi and mamta begum now?	1
As cnbc said earlier she is one of Asia's most powerfull women	0
People who are talking about inconvenience please use debit and credit cards and also cheques. Yes it's inconvenient but something like this will always be. So support this instead of condemning it	1
Speechs wont work if ill thoughts still around you.... Political parties are exempted under income tax law to deposit old currency notes in their bank accounts....	1
"No doubt BJP is very strong presently,  but they are acting against their collation partners. BJP want to become strong in South states we appreciate but should not do leg pulling. We are seeing present trend of  BJP is some how they want to grab power in Southern states. People may not like this attitude. Jai Hind"	0
islam is very peaceful religion and there is no citation which quotes to eat beef . muslims are spoiling islam by spreading terrorism and killing cows .	1
"Interestingly, Aam Aadmi Party leader Arvind Kejriwal retweeted the video."	0
"Yea modi. Dont worry abt rape being outa control, who knows its probably BJP doing it. He acts like he worries about married lady's life and not abt ladies getting raped!!! Not a single word has come out of modis mouth yet adressing the rape problem !"	1
Probably he just got selected Supreme Commander of Maoist Council of India. Now he will take on full time work for them through JNU representatives.	0
I can see Ur. Pain... Desperate....	0
Right action mr modi new channel dog neta ko show me mt invite Karo jo desh ki sena ke killf bolta hi wo neta desh ko gadhar hi	1
Anna .. another political aspirant...	0
"yes bank ce 1340  2 lot @16, current rate 12 so give me suggestion"	0
if rapes can happen in an army why cant murders and mutilated bodies be expected...??!!! #indiots_army_drama	1
Dude concept videos are fan made not apple made so don't comment if you don't know anything and lunch nhi hoga launch hoga iphone	1
Sports  persons  winning titles and medals deserve reward and appreciation. But uneven distribution  of public money is not healthy. Govt should make a standard policy fot encouraging winners at national and states  level	0
Crazyvaal will come up with another allegation that EC tampered the displayed evms such that you cant hack them	0
Modi starer Demonitisation Movie super hit. great collections of 07 days. Breaks world records.	1
So far banks are showing profits except for the Big Fishes whose huge loans have become irrecoverable by the banks . The normal saving Bank holders are unnecessarily going to be punished.  Who Cares ?	1
tell you  one thing your succession is after your boss resignation ...am i correct or wrong ...	0
"RBI tightens hedging rules for FIIs in currency market. More: http://bit.ly/1cs6uOo  Here’s one more measure by RBI to rescue the Rupee from the mess. Do you think this move will do wonders?"	0
He is the best choice for UP after a long spell of Gunda and Jungle Raj UP needs a disciplinarian like Yogi	1
Remember 1971 kid!!!!bloody impotent army that indulges in macabre beheading like terrorists	1
By when can we see automated toll booths across the nations ...avoiding huge traffic blocks in highways ...	0
below address ATM Is not working byt in ur site its showing its active	1
72 applause and 6 standing ovations to our dynamic Prime Minister Mr Narendra Damodardaad Modi..by US Congress in their assembly at Washington DC.. ..Jai Hind..	0
i have a  question how she managed such big train gown???	0
Aree stupid goons under hindu cover... Mamata is better acceotable hindu than goon RSS chief...  can any one challange on this	1
"N now maneka gandhi on movies wow  its like watching something in india nowadays is also a crime  from further on movies will be on bdsm n femdom to respect women  :p"	1
Modiji u should remove it totally n look no BJP person is not exempted if his guilty	1
We appreciate the bold move but NRIs who don't have plan to travel to India in 50 days or say till 31st of March will be in trouble.	1
so are you saying that this puppet was not responsible for anything that happened in the country for the last so many years.... come on....	1
They are wise than north states? What is the barometer? Is Kerala the economic engine of India?	1
But then why is ur holy books stating eating nd using of animals..correct me if im wrong	1
Hdfc bank 1 lot @ 1448... should I hold ??	0
"But one thing can be proved..  That under these so called sickular,  lot of Muslim went to fight for ISIS.  NO ENQUIRY OR ACTION TO STOP THAT IN KERALA"	1
It really makes me sad to see what you're turning into #Indian_express!	1
"Muhammad Shiraz Sabir: dude. Try to embrace the truth. It's the congress govt who has done all these. It has divided Hindu Muslim for the last 70 years for their own politics.  So everybody abused Modi as an anti Muslim when he refused to wear a Muslim cap. But see what Modi did after election. He went to mosque and offered his prayer there in some Arab country i guess."	1
So they fired across the border then went in to mutilate the corpses . Sorry I don't buy this at all.	1
Why can't our force give full power to curb this terrorism	0
Lakhs of users have already done Mobile Number Portability when moving to Jio: Mukesh Ambani	1
Just read ur news channel tomorrow.. Will get the answer	0
"I have no deal with anyone. It's my opinion. And I think I have free to have one. He doesn't suit to play Bheema, that's all.😂😂😂😂😂😂"	1
In ground reality rabbi has created lots of prob due to pricing issue	1
India will not forgive this idiot. An amazing momentum that was built with the anti-corruption wave in 2010 saw the death because of this Man's ego and delusions of grandeur. He's a big loser as far as I am concerned	1
Dog meat or beef or chicken  stopped eating grass	1
PM cant help his own wife noe he can divorce her. What can he do for a muslim women?	1
Any service tax on such usages? Govt can get good revenue. All states should emulate Delhi .	0
The political party who has asked the proof of surgical strike are now asking this question what a level of hyprocracy	0
I'm here to read rss support comments and laugh hard...	1
Food price includes all kind of expenses and profit of the owner. So why to pay service charge forcefully ? Payment of Service Charge is like paying for jet fuel additional for air journey.	0
Such type of idiots have no any qualifications. These type of leaders are shame on indian political system.Ours is a biggest democracy but its a fractured and faulty constitution in todays time.It need Lots of changes.The foul mouth leaders should be punished by voters but our voter think they are very big .its their mistake...just think these dirty pigs are enemies of society and should be thrown out in to gutter which the right place for such stupid leader.	1
"You r not in opposition.. Don't write love letter to pak"	1
If you Lizzie want to learn sarcasm you have to learn English first	1
Since modi came to power  all declining sportsmen like Sehwag Gambhir  flop artists like Hooda Rishi and Anupam kher retired beurucrats and failed singers loke Sonu Nigam a whole lot of sunset gang is blooming for the Bjp.	1
This is the reason for making Tamil Nadu the number one state in Road accidents. This is happening for many years and in many other routes yet no concrete action taken.	0
D same akshay kr slapped a poor watchman for not treating his son wth respect	1
Bøbby beta we are father ..Remember the history you are our slave 1000 years 😉😂	1
"Get well soon sonu and all his supporters !  Note:- Indians are secular!  And if any indian behaves so!  like insulting a religion let that be any religion then "" at first note he himself isnt a true indian but a threat to the country where he can make a religious despite and cause religious difference between people and thus a new INDIAN ISI born! #getwellSonu"	1
"The ACB had filed charge sheet on December 21, 2016 on a complaint by former DCW chief Barkha Shukla Singh"	0
Modi ji you ask to RBI how much currency distributed in all states.in which which banks and you ask to bank managers where the fraud is happening	1
Calls and puts are both rising due to increased volatility	0
"He also noted that the how the Congress-Samajwadi-Communist political streams, despite their ideological differences, have always been different from the ‘divisive and communal approach of BJP and Sangh’."	0
In NorthEast till there is no Aadhar Card for peoples...but before that animals getting aadhar card in India. Proud to be a Cos rather then NorthEastern people.	1
Why are nobody talking about how terror financiers are bamboozled? It's politicians and persons with unaccounted money   who are bitterly crying and trying to fire from the shoulders of inconvenienced poor.	0
what presume in 2014election.your marty got maximum seat or party of kirti jha azad .whey p m still from other party think your party have chance to got majority.	0
A speech full of just superficial ideas. Mr. Modi look down to common men . See where he is right now. Ur just blah blah blah blah blah. Nothing else. No ground reality.	1
"Rajkumar Panthoiren Only for moronic idiots like you, I wish u were born in cambodia and were killed by communists like they did with 1/3rd of population, that too with sticks and machette would have been fun to watch u defend marxism then."	1
"There should be no debate,put ban on loudspeakers,irrespective of religion issue,noise is noise,may it be a mandir or gurudwara or anything,dont make it a religious issue,but should find a solution for the problem thinking above all religions........."	1
Kevin Gaskin.  Good luck with suing our Founding Fathers and the U.S. Supreme Court!  It's your ignorance that has you living in our Christian Nation without taking time to educate yourself on the basics of its foundation.	1
I am with u Modi Ji..bt plzz do smthg for poor people	1
They. Will b successful.. Coz. Indian soldiers can cry on social media only.... Now i m ashamed of them... Huh... Till how long we support them??	1
Does TCS buyback means  worry for IT sector on whole????	0
They should announce today how much they will reward after next Olympic medals..	0
Sir Congress is corrupt ok we understand what about BJPministers....mark them also and the officers of ur various department state level and central level........pls address them also....	1
"I am looking for a job, a videographer. E-mail me to my mail for a constructive dialogue. videosportmoto@rambler.ru"	0
"I hate all kinds of innocent killing whatever he he is hindu,cChristian or muslims but those are not innocent,they are also killer."	0
Here comes a human rights activist who's concerned only about criminals	1
I most excited to see .. you on live ..	0
ha ha joke of the day      ur army only can kill kashmiris	1
It's been a tough day since the last two days	0
Block the movement of trucks with cows and buffaloes into kerala from tamil.nadu and karnataka ... kerala does.not have enough cattle to feed it's population.....	1
they are not cowards this is the reality media is showing wrong	1
Congress forced this into indian constitution in 1977. ..bcz b4 that no one needed to do caste politics	1
"A complete CMS website for your business for Rs.3000/- (US$60). The best freelance web designers and developers since 1996 in India.   http://www.facebook.com/TajComputers or http://www.netup.in"	0
Sums up the direction where our nation is heading bro....	0
Who is this Shirish Kunder? One of the owners of the Islamic Express?	1
"She will build few more statues, send plane to get her shoes and everything will be all right because she is a dalit."	1
grand salute to you both for making us proud ☺ and also to all the sponsors	0
56 million I guess? coz even the Buckingham Palace isn't that expensive 😂	0
"1. Why should a human baby be more important than a puppy? 2. Wtf is wrong with her  Promit Mookherjee"	1
What sense do u make of the rally in paper stocks ? Some have become 5-10x	0
"The architect of modern India (1991 reforms), has come out with smart and simple definition of this money mismanagement game !!"	1
Pak army is layer all offiser are donkey tjey have no guts to fase indian arme on frontline	1
People talk about common man suffering all the time.This is the same country where thousands laid their lives for freedom.Cant the common man endure little trouble to stand in queues for the greater good.	1
Yes we are back in medival ages and someone has hitted a stone on your head thats why you have lost your thinking ability	1
S gu can follow view. Good 😊 best option by your brother now jogged o had o	0
Its good that this nonsense goes on till the time they pass on some evidence and courts take these politicians to task.	0
Sonu is a jobless singer now...So his desperation come out to this comment...His sleep either day or night is not normally .....Now he is a road singer ....	1
"Meeting between two Religious Fundamentalist Leaders with contrasting religious focii  astonished me!  They buried SECULARISM. the principle that unify people. Perescution, deprivation, oppression, margianillastion, torture and hatred -all these actions are meted out to the minorities in these countries and these leaders are ICONs in their countries.."	1
"Every IT company has a client profile unique to itself. If Infy and TCS were treated as market leaders to even WIPRO then it was and is wrong. INFY and TCS need not and should not rally with WIPRO rally. Market reaction will be company specific in a matured market. There's no fooling thru market or cheer leaders,,"	0
"Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?"	0
not a single thing isn't political	1
And there will be no outrage about it.. it's freedom of throwing stones it's their fundamental rights.	1
If needed you can find a link between demonitisation and aliens not visiting earth too! Keep amusing us.	1
Great move to curb black money.. acche din has already arrived	0
Swayam Sewaks are always ready to take this responsibility with Lathi in hand and communalism in mind.	1
Song releted to love and sadnesss .......why they use for launch ????	0
Ok papa Ji. Chinese should tc care of their  own economy because IMF said Chinese have huge debt on dem.	0
"The biggest explosion of 2017. The big bang had never happened and never will * ₹₹ Free Join Other Business ₹₹ *  → If you want to get a job  → 10,000 to 50000 rupees from mobile ..  → Earn money every month, absolutely free  → champ cash from the Play Store  → Download your App  → Register.  → Enter the Referal ID - *371881*  → Helpline Whatsaap no - *9529389497"	0
"https://www.facebook.com/pages/i-will-be-sayin-bye-bye-2-facebook-if-they-start-charging/123883904305285?fref=ts , Hi friends Its important for us, Its a cheating with all public from facebook, first fb said that facebook is free and always etc etc, then what is this charging some amount for inboxing? Public didnot like this kind of cheatings, we have to protest against this kind of cheating from facebook with innocent public, ""Stop charging money on facebook"""	0
Yes we are realy proud to say your my gear CM	0
"Mr. #narendramodi Please remove the GST from computer , card swipe machine and internet service"	1
why didn't you call for boycott when Ajay devgan played Haji Mastan in OUATIM  . Why were you silent when Canadian nationalist Akshay Played Dawood in Ouatim2 just because they belong to a different religion. Butthurt	1
"Since their was view on mutual fund day that u should opt for underperformer due to law of average, since I own MIRAE Midcaps fund an outperformed so is now a time to move to SBI MAGNUM Midcaps as it was an  underperformer in last 1year? Please tell Ur view?"	0
Vishnu Tallapragada True. Pakistanis and Bangladeshis r the most discriminated in Saudi.	1
Ha ha.. It happens when half of the population is illiterate....  And half intellectual blind idiots...	1
Sonia should be Nominated for MAHA BHRASHT LEADER OF THE WORLD	1
"Short and sweet , Anuj your hard work and commitment has made you reach new heights in your career just like nifty, hv been a fan of yours since last ten years , cheers"	0
"At least Arvind Kejriwal has done something for the society at large. Anna, hand in glove with BJP, is thinking at it's lowest mental level. Shameful !!!!"	1
"""🌝🌝 INDIAN WOMEN ARE SPECIALISTS OF FAMILY DEMONETISATION 🌝🌝 Govt. should learn from them how to implement LessCash Economy with LOVE 🌝🌝🌝""✔"	1
Its not about good or bad ... Its... about incidents and choices country exudes..	0
"Secularism means Respecting other religion,"	0
"Dear brothers and sisters,Always be positive to make all things positive!"	0
"You wanted big fishes, so only drama you can do."	1
"^ could you explain how is he sounding like a ""braindead Muslim"" to you?"	1
no rubbish they rip tourists off with their scams meru is best i will pay more haha	0
I will take it home	0
How do u intend to deal hackers and secure these transactions.	1
To some extent he is right....but it's applicable to all religion not only Azaan.	1
Here's what the stars have in store for you this week!	1
Ashish kr I have talked of cyber crime and not of physical loot by a criminal. Don't negate an idea by foolish example.	1
"There's no other cadidate for President, why opposition isn't proposing Laloo for President, or Mulayam or Mayawati, or Didi for president they are much better cadidates."	0
"Former Congress minister V Srinivas Prasad who quit the party and joined the BJP lost by over 20,000 votes in Nanjangud."	0
And Pakistani Army came and beheaded our soldiers and you were busy with Erdogan your look alike	1
Modi was the main culprit of Gujarat.  Wo jail m h ? He is prime Minster.  Don't you think modi as  the culprit ?	1
So your cool if I keep tagging you in the nonsense that they get upto? Providing sanitation is the governments job. They even have a minister for it	0
MCG - Most Confused Government India has seen so far . Everyday new Guidelines keeping people guessing and under pressure	1
"Navratri Ganesh Pooja and other festivals are occasions  We are not made to hear other religious belief  Why should we"	1
Gau rakshaks have got license  to kill from the government. Only Muslims  r lynched by these goondas.	1
What do u mean by business? Boss first try to understand  the concept of generic and branded then only pass some comment on doctors business	0
This modi bhakt was there ?	1
Nehru created the devil of Pakistan and the Congress remained worshipping it. Pakistan has to be beheaded.	1
Tell to to REVENGE....We r the 5th largest army in the world.... Can't we handle bloody naxals???	0
Jus heard brexit requires parliament approval your view on immediate impact on market	0
"I think ,you ppl are so Illiterate ,that you ll not understand the English ...."	1
"Dear brother  Pls see the all the comments above and below .not only Muslims respect other religions but Hindus also respect our religion."	1
"Guys beware Rs 9000/- stolen from my Paytm wallet, reason ""Withdrawn against dispute - wrongly credited"" and they are not crediting it back to my account inspire of several emails and phone calls"	0
Why? Which country allows to speak against nation? These left and Congress breeded  rascals are sleeper cells of terrorists.	1
Shri Vaishak S  are we living for tit for tat? its same everywhere in the country as well around the Glob. NE just an example of our own.	1
"Only narrow minded ultra religious people can make these allegation against Kajol.  People have right to eat what they want."	1
No one can defeat Modi now Bihari people might be saddened they dint elect bjp jdu a burden for them	1
NDTV which is a Bollywood Chamcha is unable to digest the fact that Bollywood is beaten.	1
Pakistanis are born pigs and Pakistan should be kicked on their back sides...amry shoudl attack Pakistan's and its people	1
Jatle totly  failer  minister  in india	1
"Delhi Police can't update itself as those politicians use to do so quickly . Khaki ! Irani has been removed from HRD .. Bassi is light year away .. Courts have no cases against boys .. But mindless will stay dumb as ever ."	1
Step towards modern India. Happy to be part of  ICICI Group.	0
now it looks advani & MM goshi and other terrorists are not in the race for president post. So Anna is appeasing modi to get a chance. oooo	1
Almost all these so-called Secular Intellectuals are with a deep desire to clothe their level of scholarship with half-truths only	1
So I am wasting time here and then after 1 year I'll be wasting same time getting the bike's gear box fixed	1
"Nusrat Nazir If the criminals are not punished, it is the governments' duty to punish them - if they do not then change the government. We have power to do that in a democratic country. What about the Kashmiri Pandits, did they get any justice? What are you doing about that?"	1
"I feel the Govt. Should remove all subsidies, let PSU to do buiness on their own not pressurise them. And beleive in ""Survival of the fittest"""	1
"I wonder people who are cussing and saying bad thing about a lady... Hypocrisy at its best...  Can die to save cow, won't eat beef cause it's mother blah blah...  But...  But will leave no stone unturned to insult a lady, sanskar it seems..  I feel pity for such idiots."	1
Finally a sane guy who dared to post.	1
Where is intolerance group who returns medal's and news group.	1
"The press conference was meant to be for.him as a prime minister, not as anti NaMo or anti BJP. Only if indian politicians took their business seriously, would Indians live peacefully and with full freedom. Not.just economicaly but also security wise, congress has sold our nations peace nd freedom. Its disheartening to live in fear 24 by 7."	1
"There is no equality in treatment of indian civilians belonging to minority religions and lower castes from govt departments. And the president has not spoken single word about it. He talks about happiness. Irony"	1
His tweet show his mentality......... His mentality is not less then an uneducated person	1
He is crazy man all	1
People who died standing in line must have been ill or old. How can it be blamed on him.	1
Very pity to hear a prime ministers speech..... even a single sentence is not having a sense..... only mouth to mouth dialogue he knows..... only he knows to talk some psychological speech which give some spirit in mind nothing else.....	1
This ia not good. This is the name which most of the people had not heard before he became thw president. Juat one day befone the final declaration of the name how come Mr. Modiji's name replaced by Mr. Trump. It is a night game which time Magazine has played with Mr. Trump.	0
Anuj there are many more things to do in Goa 😜	0
"Cowardly policies , will hurt Indians in the long run . With these high interest bank loans peopel will stop borrowing"	0
"In Goa and in Manippur, the Congress party is the single largest party, just away from majority.  Therefore, it should have been invited by the Governors to form the Government.  By manipulating the mandate, the BJP is trying to form Government in these states and thereby insulting democracy,."	1
Aus media should learn to be civilized and sensible like Clarke!	0
Demonitisation is historicand is a ?best oppurtunity to take thecountry tofuture or to the botom  its great oppurtunity historical	0
Those farmers who give their lives for us are not even taken into account !! How unfair? Reward them they give u food on your plate !!	0
That Jan Lokpal has been dumped by Kejriwal	1
At this moment might with anything but it can't be compares with anything substance. He is someone who is wining since 1998 here if we have ridiculous corrupted non-deserving as well as playing vote bank politics are there so considering these all we we should say one of the proved Leader became CM. Rather not getting it through family inheritance like both ##pappu akhilesh nd rahul.	1
He is the person who given govt security for his bulls.	1
"One small step for man, one giant leap backwards for mankind."	0
This is very odd considering Kuwait is a Muslim country!!	1
Unleash rockets and motars indian army give those porkies a piece of war they want	0
Ambulance is for cows not for human beings...unless they don't need for themselves...idiots still voted for them	1
"Glass roof in sunny country like our India!😕 Not a great idea...will make it a green house."	0
"Rohit, dude it affects them. Statements like these directly affect women in everyday life. Meera has a right to her opinion, yes. But other women also have the right to call her out on it because, guess what? It directly affects them, and not us."	1
Probably the launch team has got no one to tell them about this worst idea....isn't expected from CNBC	1
"What, did you have karela for lunch? It's a joke..."	1
No banking license to Satin so far..what will be the future..	1
As far as performance is concerned Cyrus would be working hard as Shapoorji Pallonji holds significant stake of around 18 percent of tata sons. Very strange and difficult to understand why this happened	0
he has been trained from Kejriwal :D	1
Who cares about corruption? We have more important issues like beef!	1
we are Indian and we love to have Mr Modi ji as our PM.. Forever	0
Go and protest at Delhi for ur formers..	1
"plse focus on politions& hawala holders & big companies, comman man is always haopy"	1
Dont forget 57 muslim country behind pakistan we are pushtun we know how to fight  inshaallah wr take revange of 1971 war	1
"lupin corporate social resposibility of restricted only in few states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Uttarakhand---but they make business in all india"	0
Eat cow meat very tasty	1
Anuj sir please ur 2 yrs view on delta?can it become multi beggar	0
Ramachandra Guha the twisted marxist goon has taken over BCCI. No wonder Sehwag has bowed down.	1
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
"not withstanding the sad state of politics, wait for the army's retaliation. I will come back on this very thread then.   (y)"	1
Factually those who accept from their masters are also SLAVES....lolz	1
"Anna fooled the country, kejriwal befooled Anna. Kejjriwal believes in modern technology, Use and Throw."	1
Anthony.... not all u read is true.... everybody has a viewpoint... you speak what you feel and i will say what i feel. . you are right coz thats ur viewpoint and i am right coz this is my viewpoint... Every individual should speak for themselves. let not make other speak what we feel is right or wrong... let people decide if the country is changing for good or for bad.	1
"Congratulations Bmp & Modiji, Please do something to develop India, Except good speeches"	1
"It's not about competing it's about dominating. Make your products like Apple, so that other people copy your plastic and sell at low price 😎"	0
"I'm a keralate and i don't eat beef  I think all people have the right to have food of their own wish  I don't know what's wrong with these BJP idiots"	1
"Times now is not a business news, still if u compare d reason is quite republic"	0
"Adil Shahriyar, the doctored video you mean?"	0
You will...best of luck..u have guts to come back	0
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
Earlier jennifer was also his everything.... actors ha ha ha	0
"in cattle fair, keralites purchase mother with calf for butchering by offering price no other can offer."	1
Benami transactions act should be implemented from 1 January only........surgical strike on gold should be done	1
Poor people are dying n other side people's are wasting litres of milk on posters...It's realy disgusting..	1
I HAVE ALREADY REQUESTED CNBC TO FLASH THE PRICE OF SHARES FROM 1.4.11 AND THEN PRESENT STATUS TO KNOW THE HEALTH OF STOCKS ON YOUR CHANNEL FOR THE BENIFIT OF INVESTORS. THE RELIANCE GROUP HAS LOOTED CRORES OF MONEY WHO HAVE INVESTED EARLIER IN RELIANCE. BUT THIS COMPANY IS ALWAYS SHOWING PROFIT IN THEIR RETURN. WHETHER THE PROFIT IS NOT DUE TO REDUCING THE PRICES OF SHARES AND LOOTED MONEY FROM THE INVESTORS.	1
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
dont b so happy Indian express.. watch till end😂😂😂	1
Here are the top stories this morning	0
Never heard of him he doesn't control any of my money so he can go jump in the lake	1
MC r**** will speak like that	1
"with the US $ value they are calculating 1$=66/- vice 1$= to 80pounds are so...  standing in the atm line for money, we are no where in any of the developed nations...."	0
"Working on software, mobile dispensing part of fuel: HPCL CMD"	0
You will always be in our hearts we love you Amma	0
Let's keep 500 as d highest denomination and this can happen only if the rupee value increases in d global market.. that way even 1 rupee becomes move valuable..	0
It's stupid really.. Airtel gives faster access to a lot many sites while jio is selective. Talk of net neutrality. Airtel akela is ethical. Jio is for newbie internet users whose usage if just WhatsApp and maybe a Facebook app. Jio at workplaces suck. Airtel is the best bet!	1
Mani Shankar Ayer seems to have lost his way with improper comments. He has now become a political zero.	0
"It is actually a correct point.With monumental capitals and data in the hands of few large businesses,they are going to render small ,medium and big Indian businesses powerless."	0
Top university for raising anti-national slogans???	1
Sir you disowned  kejriwal  long time ago. So why you are continuously criticising  only Kejriwal.	1
We will enjoy cricket without India. Indian players always fear with bounce pitches	1
Once a surrendered brain always a surrendered brain	1
If they both r confident then tell them to have actors sing song for them ... And they better not look for a trained singer.... This is a shame how can a singer herself consider less talented than an autotuned non singer person...!! What about her gurus who taught her musiç for years... If she belives an Autotuned singer is equally good as herr. If u can't support Armaan Malik at least don't show disrespect towards ur gurus who gave years to train u....!!	0
"And watch it 24/7 , and dont watch anything else"	1
"Yup. I little while after I quit, they were like 'we can't handle the business all by ourselves' and they sold it.  :p"	0
Anuj do we still hold the same opinion in the liquor space ?	0
Hlo sir im a hindu girl but i thinks ur thought is very wrong because according to law azaan is not nuisance	1
That's how my padosi Aunty sings while she is in the shower	1
Poor implementation.... Not gonna win the next election for sure	1
She is cumin .... im talking abt the bike u pervert	1
"last 3 years I am your  customer but last 1 year you increasing only promotion or taking awards , In 1 year I face so much PROblem ... 1   ..  cashback does not track   2nd  ,, if i file missing ticket then track lower amount , after wait 3 months months they said cashback not confirmed through retailer  ,  ONE reason or generated  you say merchant not take any missing report ,    FIRSTLY focus on given cashback then other things !!!!!   shloksinghal1@gmail.com   , 9716153394"	0
Why  don't u mind your own business  and stop commenting on and interfering with the country's governance which is fine with us. No one cares for your opinion anyway.	1
I disapprove of loud speakers in our churches as well	1
We are proud that u are our P.M. we are having   enemies inside our country.	0
"Tilling the soil is done not for gain , but for better foundation for the roots ,against pest , better irrigation, better space given for the crop, better quality yield  -basics of cultivation of financial discipline ."	0
Why is JP getting special treatment... if Unitech promoters are behind bars then the same should be the case with JP.... TATA / Godrej should be asked to step in and should be given a share in the assets so that they can complete the projects... this is really ridiculous... or else buyers should form a cooperative and take over the projects / assets...	1
"It is a BIG repeated lie when they say there is no shortage of currency. Almost all banks are refusing to give the assigned quota of Rs.24,000 per week. Instead most bankers negotiate with the customer and give not more than 10,000. The complete system is in a disarray."	1
Rahul sir u r very good analysis. U r very great bussinessman.	0
"If thy did why denying n no other big countries supporting this surgical strike like thy supported whenindia did.  Now it's nationalist Hindu baniya gov beware wht game playing. Use you brain alteast"	1
Another Indian Express / Jansatta hoax... these crooked diversionists....	1
"Misconduct with people shows one,s mentality"	1
"fear of frustration of self made Aircraft Carrier "" Made in China "" :D"	0
Rip amma many times i have used the cheap and best amma water and amma canteen during travel.	0
It is so pathetic and disgusting to see the  slums on both sides of railway lines from Virar to Churchgate and from Kalyan to VT	1
Well done modi your planing has impacted people having black money but created more impact on common man... Cheers to u	0
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
"🍺 Bot😨 Powered🐷 By😍 Prince😼 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 comment Late  59 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
How come body mutilated ...?? Something wrong somewhere ?? Not correct puc	0
"If so educate us naa, where are the proof's. Why you are hesitating to share with us."	0
Rigging will get no seats to AAP	0
BETTER YOU MUST GO AND HAVE DIALOGUE WITH PAPU  AND YOU MIGHT GET SOME GOOD IDEA	1
"Sad demise of jayalalitha..she reigned tamilnadu.woman power ,strength,lioness...may her soul rest in peace..long live tamilnadu.."	0
"He has a timing, Delhi mcd elections!!"	1
"Allah will not save you . You are destined only for jhahunnum. Buried with pigs. #proudchutiyawhodoesntunderstandhistory"	1
finest marketing experience -luxury of buying ideas -cnbc tv 18	0
"Dileep just proved you right, Kanhaiya :D No knowledge, no info, no data, just empty abuses. Makes me laugh more harder :D"	1
"GOEL AND ALL STATE MINISTERS TO VISIT TOKYO EVERY MONTH TO STUDY THE CLIMATIC CONDITIONS, SURFACE AND ACCLIMATIZE THEMSELVES PROPERLY"	0
Bros Can U tell me is 1.36 ex showroom Is for abs or not	0
I'm sure journos might be wondering if they're in the right room	1
"Pakiztan is capable of doing any thing bcos they have 56"""	0
These are not ghosts...  They are the test riders ...  No more alive... 😂	1
Very low audio. Please improve it.	1
"How u kno..  Its easy to criticize ......do u kno the size n population of this country"	1
"you statement is vague, thus, doesn't make sense in the least. please revise."	1
"Boycott Chinese goods ,China is a constant bully for India, they are using Pakistan and backing Pakistani terror put fits against India , they have blocked Indian NSG bid , more importantly they have stolen 80 thousands of skms of Indian land , china is dumping their products to destroy Indian domestic industry as they don’t want India to grow economically , there fore we want XI JIN Ping must go back"	1
Journalism at its lowest.. Thank you Indian Express 👏👏👏	0
"Ban all procession. Andhe, tell to ban Ganeshotsav, Srikrishna Jayanthi and all other hindu, Muslim Christian Procession."	1
"As Nifty is in record high, expecting to reduce the imposing tax on gold."	0
"south indian kitchen is the pure clinic --your food do not serve you energy , it takes your well being -so there is no need for Thyrocare's A Velumani's success mantra when kitchen is pure .....return of the dragon story"	0
"Or jihadi Terrorist or wahabi Terrorist? Or terrorist opposing triple talaq? One must consider everyone. What u trying to excuse here , n following same thing"	1
"Don't dived by religion, we most ask its our right don't abuse"	0
Shocking but UK steel fiasco could have rightly been one of the reasons. But wonder if there is honestly a real successor to Mr Tata. And issues like this could have happened too with The Big Man around himself.	0
"Anna hazare failed in his drama on kejriwal case. Hazare aim is to remove congress from power and he joined with kejriwal. Kejri is clever and he overcome hazare and defeated bjp and opposing till now. Anna hazare wont speak if bjp involve in money scandal, communal violence, hate speeches etc etc. Anna hazare is a hypocritic poison human being. Hazare never thought kejri will come into politics. Hazare may won in defeating congress but lost on kejri matter. Great actor hazare"	1
So the cmo has no right to interfere as to why the ambulance is not being provided.	1
Cancel the driving license of both drivers & impose monetary fine.	0
"This debate is not going to do any thing its just wastage of time India should take a very serious Action no Diplomatic talk or dodger only action thats what only Pakistan Needs. A strong reply should be given to Pakistan one since for all, thats what we Indian expect from our Govt. But our Govt. is just busy in issuing Idiotic statements in this regard."	0
Lolz and Donald Trump is going to act on your request. ☺☺☺	1
Sundra Sodha well this is surely not for u... cos u be so claustrophobic	0
You don't need to explain... she f👈👉ked off herself after her charades and pantomimes fell thin 👎	1
"In the streets of Kolkata, bus drivers play the game of Tom n Jerry without caring about other motorists....most common among them is hit n run......"	0
rain industries !! green even when market in red !!	0
"Credit growth aka money that was taken from the common man is now being handed over to rich industrialist as ""loans""... who as we all know have a long track record of never paying back... if you are to be corrupt then be corrupt like Modi... the man knows how to steal money and make it look completely legal..."	1
But in contrast kashmiri milltants families gloryfy their death and call those terrorists martyrs	1
You have nothing to say about the misfortune of this lady. Is  triple Talaq linked with Modi banning alcohol or not	1
Great no one celebrating victory for paying condolences of Sukma martyr	0
Intelligent people will never praise him. ..we are wasting your 5 year's. ...what he has promised & what he is doing. ....	1
"Anna hazare failed in his drama on kejriwal case. Hazare aim is to remove congress from power and he joined with kejriwal. Kejri is clever and he overcome hazare and defeated bjp and opposing till now. Anna hazare wont speak if bjp involve in money scandal, communal violence, hate speeches etc etc. Anna hazare is a hypocritic poison human being. Hazare never thought kejri will come into politics. Hazare may won in defeating congress but lost on kejri matter. Great actor hazare"	1
"Guess they will suprise us,, launch would happen next year.. its only a trailer"	1
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
stopped watching the video long time back ... just enjoying the comments here now :D .. the worst launch ever for any product	1
It's common observation  of conversation was happening for long time.Unaccounted accumulated income will be sharing.	0
Corruption queen... she needs to be investigated for all her loot ...	1
Infact Inconvince to common people is bcoz of craiq brains like u Sonu....u people r doing same like Britishers does...	1
MRahman Syed...your cock is already half cut	1
Time to offer Modi a set of colourful bangles 😂😂😂.	1
Ofcourse. Pak produces JF-17 & missiles for #Ind needs and deserves :-P	0
I mean I don't think I'd be able to practice satanism in a Christian nation 🤔	0
He mentioned the only community who do so..	1
He is the men who prove Hindus and Muslim to fight good for nothing	1
Demontisation will help.mkt to get large...by balancing n re-distributing wealth among indian...by...govt invest	0
jio is worst...getting 2g speed...and too much fluctuations.My 2k got wasted in JioFi.	1
"Bot On Fire 💙 Powered By 💙 Md Adnan 💙   Self Site <3 Faxt.tk <3 Site By 💚 Usama Ahmad 💚"	0
Logic is to launch 2000 is temporary give a way	0
"HDFC is a worst bank to bank with. Be it credit card/Loan/Accounts- they are just horrendous and big bunch of fake commitments and false people. All the employees are just bloody mo*****, Sorry being judgmental, but have dealt with nearly a thousands of them and all are the same. JUST A BUNCH OF A******S"	1
I live beside a masjid they scream five times a day and it's very disturbing ...All Loudspeakers should be banned irrespective of religion	1
I do not believe this. Government must see down to the common man. See how common people are suffering. See how people are gathering new notes.	1
not bigger chutiya than u people when whole world is praising india and porki people got isolated from their own najayaz papa america....loll	1
Remember when we all used to squeeze into the back seat... Good times	0
"Months before the civic poll dates were announced, the BJP had sharpened its focus on PMC and PCMC."	0
Why India judicial is not putting in jail the gandhi family they r the most corrupt	0
"Yet, another case of drunk driving."	1
Change is inevitable. He has delivered his role fully in a complex economic country. He also had to challenge the idiosyncratic approach of few folks who are at the helm of power.	0
"No need for any clarification. Since you are Bollywood celebrity ; yours only religion is name, fame and money . Now please eat donkey's meat and put it on social media."	1
"Rajnath will say modi will not go on nawab,s birthday know..."	0
"It's not because of our PM. It's because of people and media houses like you who demoralise the army by supporting Anti national elements."	1
It's really hurting to hear such a nasty thing from you pointing an accusing finger at a particular community. ..Learn the lesson of religious tolerance  India being a secular country is hailed  by many foreign countries. ..such comments only add fuel to the fire..You should desist from commenting  in a partisan manner...	1
May be China is also involve in terrorism	1
Sushil Karra sir BJP Is leading gujrat since 1995. There is no connection in between but as mentioned in my earlier comment that we forget everything when religious matter comes in our Indian mind.	0
Bc i thought he won majority	1
Best PM in The World.... Koi aapko kuch bhi bole...Par aapne sabko hila diya... Whatever  decision u take is always for our best.	0
"Don't forget, you are learning anti humanity lesson in your madaresa class"	1
"All Our $$$$$$ But Name goes to Tata Motors,Ratan,Employes 😂😂😂😂😂😂"	0
"What indian can do Now???? They can dream & Type bombastic comment to hide from Shame, Good Continue Bakistanis Enjoys it much 😁😂😂"	0
U and ur company have all the potential to make this country great again	0
There are lot of chutiyas who points out 2000 bikes and things. Look at big picture guys.  Lot of black money is coming back to bank . Soon interest rate will be less and less and there are lot of things will happen in the favour of our nation.	1
Prashant Sharma  yes I keep forgetting that there is no democracy left after 2014. In our country women is reportedly raped in every 15 mins. No one is taking action against that.	0
Does MCI and the govt guarantee the availability of generic drugs at the chemist and the quality of the same. A knee jerk reaction with no prior planning	1
"It's a simple logic guys, villagers or cow owners don't get benefit rearing cows until their natural death, so they had to sell to slaughter house for their benefit, or else left them outside of their own. Who is gonna take care of animals which if of no benefit, and population of cows eventually rises. Do some math guys, think also for those farmers, guys here talking with big mouth does not have those sense of hard work required to rear an animal"	1
When u have started blak money clean up pl clean thoroughly	1
"This is for a hotel and they charge $50 a day for a pod not including tax. Are you thinking of parts for homeless people, good luck because they'll cost a lot of money to clean it, sterilize it, and maintain it. Not to say because it would cost them a lot of money run it. It would just defeat the purpose. But I like how you think. That is very thoughtful of you to care for the homeless."	0
The intellectuals of this country could not digest the fact that the BJP has won inspite of all their best efforts by playing majority and minority divide cards. The victory is against their wishes and expectations.Even as minorities themselves accept and welcome the verdict the minority intellectuals within the majority community only oppose it just for the sake of opposing it for the sake of livelihood.	1
I guess this is IDS and not demonization! Govt has not gathered any thoughts. Just giving heroic statements will not run well for long term	1
There are rumours that the 2000 rupee note could be discontinued. What effect would this be on the market?	0
its the New India of vikas....by Modi govt	1
you are correct in my view iit is under rated becoz we dont give very good opportunities and research facilities to iitian here in india compared to what they get in devloped nation.	1
but then we know where america stands today. whistle blower !	1
Great thinking and Patriotism un confused by Traitors and Digvijay Singhs	1
Let anti nationals and antisocial s who oppose this are dealt severely	1
Sir Can I go for future consumer for next 3 year	0
The case is stil there its not yet finished	1
he is angry why buffaloes are not mentioned	1
"Whatever others say, pl go ahead with your program erasing out terrorism and have good relation with left also. All the best to incoming Mr President."	0
Modi ji plzz organize a nationwide BURNOL CAMP  after Demonetization nation needs it .... Lol...	1
J Kumar infra is doing very well since last month and has remained in circuit for most of the time wh	0
"I am watching carefully to all the parties, they are all attacking BJP but not for the work Bjp has done, they are attacking BJP only on nonsense issue like Dadri where the Central government doesn't have any role. It's means Modi government is working good in Center."	1
"If Shabana Azmi voice her opinion on Hinduism, she is more secular. But if Sonu Nigam makes his point on Islam, he becomes less secular. Waiting for the secular liberal brigade to run their shop now. :D"	1
All kind noise pollution should be waived out if possible. If azan prayer is problematic then late night bhajans from loudspeakers are also problematic.	1
She does not need to work with him as the standard does not match :)	1
"how, you became cm to pm, by black or white money, declare it.?"	1
"Requirement for Part Time Internet Based Work Easy Home Based Works Are Available No Registration Fees Just Whatsapp+91 8409779696"	0
"Dumdum give me the gum gum -cnbc tv 18 ----->BJP is the  govt by pharma industry ---chinese raw material ?......50% of pharma industry are film producers ? new comers in pharma industry lack industry knowledge completely , ethics of the business?"	0
Madhya Pradesh: Dogs Eat Up Patient's Body In Govt. Hospital	1
Congratulations Anuj and team ! Great work ! I am  holding TV18 in my portfolio so fingers crossed :)	0
"Yes.. In between another new initiative will come then you will be able to forget this one.  😂 Actually he got his share of 15lacs from Swiss bank so he wants to distribute among bhakts"	1
tge quwstion is how do tgese companies manage to get under so much of debt. I heard gaurs  daughter had done some bungling of funds. but even if they siphoned off 70% of funds of wish town still that would be only around 7500 cr. how did they manage a debt  of 60000 cr	0
I cant see why our govt is not stopping the  entry of Chinese products into India which could be hazardous to health. Who is the dalal who is earning money in its import. Shameful.	1
This is absolutely right everyone has the right to choose what they want to eat or not..	1
We missed the biggest one 'Dmart' that was a hit. When it was launched last month.	0
Remove reservation.. continue providing financial aid to under privileged. Let Merritt prevail in jobs.	1
Bakwaas news!! He is not muslim so he is allowed yaarrrr....	0
Great step !!! but again ruined by corrupt Some  Bankers !!!	1
Ask him if he misses his mothet	1
He is not relevant any more just trying to get back in the limelight	1
Bhajpai ji started samjota express and lahore bus service what we get in returned kargil and Mumbai attacks	1
"Bike must be stuck in Pune traffic, while coming from  Chakan plant!!!"	1
"I m proude bcoz I m Muslim..... bjans gives rest Hindu peoples ...BT Muslim never says it's dstrbng bcoz  we respect every religion....BT some Hindu,s are Dstrbed with the sweet  voice of azad . it's really sad and speechless. Indian Muslims  communities should ne think on these comments."	1
Horrible state of common people. All suffering. He has no understanding the ordeal people r going  thru	1
What about car sales data will impact on market tomorrow..	0
tv 18 quiz is fraud.  quiz on 4th nov is still not on site....how to vote..match is fixed ..inside trading	1
Not to mention the 150 million children working as slave labour thanks to capitalism	1
What a good economy can do if India can't protect itself from notorious Chinese ....one war and all the economy will be air as most of the money comes from foreign investors. India need to show its strength to the world so that no one dare to think of attacking India..	0
"Vikas Agarwal - Your speaking skills are so poor !! Who made you the GM of OnePlus India???"	1
"first Modi has to deal with traitors like digvijay, manishankar ayer , Farookh A and many others. they are more dangerous to india. Such a shameless bunch of jokers. Just for few votes they want to sell their country. Shame on you guys"	1
"We win UP we save COWS , why we worry for soldiers , sleep in Ac room , why we want think about soldiers"	1
"No issues  😊  I am not baised  nor will I  I have not chained  myself with strong  conviction."	0
Is this right time to enter advanced enzymes pls comment	0
Funny. Muslims castigate Modi for his policies against Muslims and but turn a blind eye to Erdogan's appeasement of ISIS. #Hypocricy	1
This is just theory. Restaurant will definitely charge. It should be completely removed. As per wish k liye tip is there ..	0
Biggest Loot in d history of India. Pls ask Modi ji to declare from where BJP Funding is coming is it not d black money which they convert it into white because they don't need to give any proof from where this money come from!! 😡😡😡😡😡 Modi is fake n big hypocrite	1
The JNU is hub of anti national elements of my country.....first execute this elements Indian Army......	1
"No  Same acting ll be there ..  but we ll watch no option !!! 😬😜"	0
"it is true ,?ibn ishag992,(quaran)fight evryone in the way of Alla n kill who disbelieve Alla,"	1
Also israeli passport holders are banned in 17 isalmic countries since 1985 and not media gave a fcuk to it.	1
Your views on sbi results and it's affect on market ?	0
Girish Rajani according to the population survey you people are 80% & we are 14% till 2080 we will be minorities.	1
As an employee of Reliance for the past 22 years I so proud of this movement after achieved Jamnagar and Petroleum Retail Project completion	0
"time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji"	1
He should stop singing as he also sing loudly with many kinds of musical instruments which are cause for more sound pollution.	1
Yes right. Someone with mosques too close in proximity might face problems. Loudspeakers are definitely a nuisance.	1
"Its fake. Indians nothing have to say except barking. Read the reality.  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1829962477020770&id=111457038871331"	1
"Raids were carried out at home of retired army personnel - a colonel, who owns a college in Bareilly. Also in question is the army officer's son, Prashant Bishnoi, who is a national level shooter.😜😜"	1
"The cwg, 2g, rafale deal, railways nepotism was an organized social security program for congreshis 😂"	1
Sp tulsian ws the reason for nmdc downmove y do he keeps retail tempted	0
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
"No great work you did modiji,see how many poor people suffered and died bcoz of you."	1
Mr.Manmohan Singh - from Flight  mode now to Vibrator mode !	0
President Hassan Rouhani has sent Minister of Labour and Welfare to the mine in order to oversee the rescue operations and treatment of victims	0
Reliance down from 1450 to 1390. Is it a good buy at current level ?	0
elimenate RSS first than talk about isis which is just started	1
Pakistan will export donkies to China from KP !An agreement was finalised last month.In between  two legged donkies are busy to become economic slaves of dragon because of such trade imbalance.	0
Maybe Indian army kill 7 chickens in return HAHAHAH.....Indian army scared to face a world powerful Pak Army.....	1
Arshia Ilahi i think only pakistan get benefits from this conflicts	0
Bjp didnot come up with the logic of the most notorious boy being made the class monitor just to improve his behavior.	1
"its not money. its appreciation by nation.  when they deserve for their hardwork  they should get.  and if talk about money pouring,  what about virat kohli and dhoni and others who make crores."	0
All devils muslims never stay peaceful  any Part of world you go to Works in Saudi Arabia  you are starring terrorist  acative idiot's	1
My grandfather was also in in Indian army & my school friend is also in bsf at the post of sub inspector	0
Respect for mam... Politics in UP has jungle rule treat them as animals u dont ask them for respecting a women or an on duty officer forced them to do	1
Agreed and appreciate ur step but the most poor execution	1
"And not joining the BJP was a bigger mistake, but you helped in campaigning for BJP."	0
my simple question......soldiers got killed with fire....how come their bodies were mutilated ?? this shows they were in Pakistani territory.....and if they were in Pakistani territory they were surely at wrong place and met their fate....and as far as mutilation is concerned this claim is absurd......neither we mutilate nor we use humans as shield like indian army does.....this is how we treat soldiers ....ur very dear chandu Lal chohan	1
A great  initiative  on behalf of common  men... but the implementation  could hve been more better...	1
"True nationalist...I salute...But, we have many traitors within the country, who are defending terrorists..."	1
"Good job, keep going sir, don't stop this tsunami against corruption and black money."	1
"What freedom madam, it's contrasting even to dictionary"	1
awww....you tend to peddle a lot of us media....just an fyi...they are less poor and they have the biggest tech giants in the world as well...im not even talking about manufacturing...	1
See a lot more competition in banking industry going ahead: Shikha Sharma	0
come on boys...its only a bad match not the series... we will definitely won the series..	0
These is not Only in UP But In Maharashtra Thane Mumbai Everywhere	0
There is no other version of secularism because RSS does not believe in Secularism.	0
All you do is nothing and then crib.	1
Yes and BCCI is playing with Indian sentiment in favour of extra money. It is true... BCCI only sees money and not cricket quality or love of the fans...	1
Callum Talbot funny how even the worst enemies of the Prophet peace be upon him didnt consider it rape nor call him a paedo.  it was the norm back then to marry young.	1
Burnol sales on the rise owing to fiberals!	1
#MondayMotivation | Here's what the stars have in store for you this week!	0
"In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage. 😂😂"	0
"She needs to walk on the roads of India than walking on the red carpet.. if she atleast donate half of that thing sweeping the floor( u name it anything u want) to some poor child ,he / she will have a dress.shame on these ppl who waste clothes in the name of fashion"	0
But political very dangerous .	0
Well.....if this is how u prefer to be in the limelight.....then face the twitterati trolls!!	1
"Mr.Annaji you dont command any respect now,your hopes of Bharat Ratna is dashed by Arvind Kejriwal and you have been branded as Agent of RSS hence you sleep like Kumbhkarn for 5 year when NDA govt working"	1
Headline seems over exaggeration if you read through the last paragraph. This is again a paid news	1
Don't give importance because Turkey is real friend of Pakistan not our ...he support pakistan in many forums due to Muslims	0
"its imperative upon u ..to learn many things about your deeds  u vivisected this country , invaded and looted it for 800 years , tried ur best to destroy whole hindu civilization, raped their daughters etc ... there is one muslim majority state within india which has ethnically cleansed entire hindu population, u call other kafirs  and what not"	1
For me its just a candy from the govt. To me. Not yet experienced.	0
Hazare like BJP and oppose Congress just his role is over	1
"This Govt only need COW Protection, they don't care for Army Persons. They are working for Love Jihad, they don't care for love of Army person's families.. they are busy with Ghar wapisi and our Jawans are coming home in national flags... ""aaagaye aache din"""	1
Does that mean kids of all working women are puppies?	1
"They are self centered , egostic , anti social & anti-national ! Communism is a failed ideology. Even worse that radical islam."	1
"And these are the people promising not banning beef in the North East, hypocrisy at its best."	1
All mullas and madrasa students started their idiocy here as well	1
"Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are false,Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian: ISPR"	0
Indian army killed them..sometime sacrificed..they are not sleeping...they are defending the nation	1
Why they not invest this on Indian sports sections n make more medalist in next game..........	0
"Why Gula ,of family, is not involved"	1
What's wrong with Indian express it's not massive win.. shiv sena is 84 as compared to last times 75... BJP is 81 as compared to 32 last time..	1
"why all of a sudden he's having this problem , cause not getting enough songs, I am no his fan now"	1
Ajamkhan should be told to go to hell along with Akhilesh and Mayawati and every thing better will happen to India irrespective of cast and creed.	1
SHREE PUSHKAR is on right track . It may cross 300 sooner than expected. Today it made an year High of Rs196	0
"Hi sir,ONGC may take control of HPCL. whats your thought?"	0
Iam seeing some messages who are opposing..These are the one who are  anti nationals holding black..Modi has hit them hardly..they should die dogs death..	1
"BJP is committing the same mistake that they did in Bihar,they announced a CM face in Assam and won comfortably, I think BJP should announce a CM for UP"	1
Why are u silent on some leftists assault on CRPF... Why not #TLI condemn the act of massacre...  Time to #EndTLI	1
"Arent they old pathological liers.. huge power consolidation with naeaz going on, n recent visit of jindal to nawazs home irked der army on d possibility of back channel talks"	1
Why am I wasting my time on Bajaj Launch in NY.	0
Nifty below 8550 ?  Indicates a down move maybe coming	0
"Just for the shake of political career...she ruined the lyf of poor farmers.... What they will do now with ""land full of concretes"""	1
Won't be embarrassed to copy services from other players if customers benefit: Shikha Sharma	0
The pot cannot call the Kettle black ??  India loses the right to accuse other for the same crime that India itself commits routinely to others. India has killed 57 Bangladeshi Army officers in a staged rebellion in Bangladesh who bodies are totally mutilated. India extra-judicially kills Bangladesh Border villagers almost everyday. India has been recently killing its own Muslim citizens for the crime of eating or wanting to eat beef.	1
"#NaamShabana released this Friday. We have heard what critics had to say about the film, this was Taapsee Pannu's reaction when she saw herself as Shabana."	0
"Modiji now, Manoj Tiwari will have to become Chief Minister of Delhi, otherwise people will continue to conspire against him on other hand he may himself have conspire to get Z-security ...VERY SMART BHOJPURI KALAKAR"	1
"Modi our pm  My vote for pm in 2019 also👍"	0
There is no comparison with RE...  It's baap of all bike's..	0
"such a talkative, your weapon is talking that world knows!"	1
🇺🇲️ following the elections at 1 am from college.. such an amazing day.. this is the real mandate.. AAP is shown the mirror.  #DilliKaFaisla	0
SS Rajamouli sir's imagination n creativity can gv a good competition to Spielberg....for sure	0
We will continue to eat beef irrespective of caste and religion. RSS and BJP can eat cowdung and mind their business.	1
jio is best and has saved from other companies charging too much before entry of jio in market	0
This is the only reason whole travelling from Pollachi to Coimbatore I take only govt. Bus. Pvt. Drivers are threat to two wheelers.	0
I stand by him.I'm sick of the mentality of the goddamned liberals refusing to address the elephant in the room...we need a few hundred thousand people like him....	1
Person who is haveing black money only crying not people like us	0
"Now itself u reached from 23-35 k what will be ur price on 1+4 with water proof,hifi audio,good low light photography & 2-4k display"	1
People who question his degree should know that he thinks far better than lots of highly educated folks who either keeps mum or scare poor citizens.	1
And now they say doctors should not be beaten up	1
All time iNdian muslim hero who gave good reply to whp sheo sina Bajrang dal to the 1991 ANTI MUSLUM KILLInG AFTER THE BABREE MASJID DESTRUCTION  ONLY IN BOMBAY KILLED 2000 MUSLIMS THOUSANDS OF MUSLIM KILLED BY FANATIXS	1
Two unwanted source of feedback nowadays : media and Twitter...And the second one should start minding its own business	0
"Finally I can see her name now  Too good dear"	0
"Hats off Ms.Kangana. I would like to say to Mr.Karan, that it was your show, you should have given your answers that time only, not afterwards, like a coward. You should have the guts that time only."	1
"Hope he got ""business class"" seats there!!! Lol"	1
communal feelings on peak in so called multicultural country	1
Ather Rasheed Khan who you joker?	1
Chethan Noronha Sir hope he will read above link news☺	0
We need to give them choppers! Militia believes in escalation of violence. Red flag the zones and rest of it can be manned by the paramilitary. Our suggestions only provide a lateral thought to the whole conundrum.	1
"Ra-Ra-Rasputin ( trumph)  Lover of the Russian queen There was a cat that really was gone Ra-Ra-Rasputin Russia's greatest love machine ---new trumph antique clock"	1
Indian army is Yes boss army..they are not allowed to use their brains..	1
Anna hazare is fixated only with Kejriwal and no other burning issues is important to this Sanghi's duplicate Gandhi avatar!!!	1
"Yeah!  Very true  but I think u don't know these Pakistanis are coward they feel happiness in these!  They nurture terrorism in their country,  they are so jobless and coward tht they keep finding ways to mess with India,  tht's why inside their country poor,  innocent children are killed by their own terrorists,  instead of thinking about development they keep finding ways to throw bomb and kill people!  They are kids,  they should grow up!"	1
He would have been expelled from the party 😜	1
Wasim Raza everyone like own mom . Did you not like ur mom who gave birth to you?	0
"This is very true..Along with the Society, Even the MNCs feel, that talent lies only in the IITians and so they only prefer them instead of choosing the even more talented non-IITians.. Not to forget, even IITs have a caste-based Reservation while giving admissions"	1
"This is a dedicated hardworking leader as our pm taken Ala  indiA  to 21centuary and beyond"	1
"What the f. Ck, lets ban all non veg so now buffalo has less life thn cow.  In 21st century  we are watching  reading and debating  on what?"	1
New theology in freedom struggle. By a Hindu marxist	1
Horrific this...can't imagine the plight of the poor father. ..shocked..	1
Question for Mr.  Prakash Diwan... For Pricol and Granules India	0
"Queen ElizabethII f@cking Indian adore her, coz they still slave of Whites"	1
What the hell are you talking stupid shut your mouth and get lost	1
"The bjp should  change its way of ruling as soon as possible.  This is the only factor for these surgical strikes."	0
Mr Rahul Gandhi...dont have misconception of being a leader..you are a comedian..stick to that	1
Pigs lust for blood never ends until they are all eliminated	1
Time for some serious corrections.  This person has done so much for the economy..	0
Agree every month they provide bunch of stock which move for few days ... all r professional just selling their stock smartly ...	0
"Sanjiv Sharma muslims can't be productive to India?go read some books first son, I think the only problem here is the productivity of ure parents to bring a mistake like u into our country"	1
What issssss that anger ???? Its not a conclusion to be right	1
"So according to you it's communal only when Muslims are dead. Other innocent's lives doesn't matter? That's not communal? Dalits are one of those who consumes most meat. Can we see it as communal now after tagging ""Dalit card"" here?"	0
hahahahahahahhaha. China is communist.hahahahahhahajajahahha.  If anything Its right wing with no democracy. Look at Uighurs and Tibetans If Chinese were Communist monks would've still be living in Tibet and So would Uighur atrocities would be none.    China is country lover Communists are people lover not country.	1
A man who had vision and mission which did not suit the adversarial govt and crony capitalists Is being pushed out of system and it's becoming obvious that some retired/retiring chammy chap salivating for crumbs will be saddled on. We the people of india keep on watching crumbling edifices of highest institutions.	1
"Reason might be growing intolerence. After all he is patriotic indian lol :-D"	0
An opera launch for a bike trying to compete with royal Enfield. This only makes sense if there are investors in the audience 😂 #stupidity	1
My Support to demonitisation.. All muncipal corporations should cancel license for all shops who still accept cash...	1
Pakistan is alive on begged money. Look where india is and where is pakistan today. Both got independance together. Shame on u poor and uneducated people. U do not deserve to live in this civilised world. U r already living in hell. Shame	1
People voted you out for failing to deliver. Not the EVMs.	1
Bro 👦we coined a term #presstitutes.	1
we  want just revenge.....thats all....an eye for an eye....may be more eye..... according to sharia.	1
"Some years later a new PM will come and say..... We have been fooled and looted since 80 years, help me to build a better country..... LMFAO!"	1
"You are right in your home town until and unless Congress is out of power in India. And if opposite happens,  corruptions, Mehgai will not let you sleep!"	0
"Khan market is 1250/- psft , not 11,250/-psft as mention in your video .."	0
what he said is 100% true	1
Fake man in the sky say what? @Tyler	0
M srsly enjoying comments and not the launch and music	0
"#ExpressFrontPage According to Economic Survey, net out-of-state flows of migrant labourers peaked at almost 9.4 million in 2013-14, before falling to 9.1 million in 2014-15 and just over 8.4 million in 2015-16."	0
some sort of a concert ???? Isnt this the launch event of a sport tourer. Feels much like a funeral	1
"This newspaper is funny, It did not mention in heading who is Pinarayi Vijayan,  thus giving impression that this statement was made by  some RSS leader.  Indian express is master of misleading.  This news was posted at 5.30 morning.  I wonder when was this statement made?"	1
But simple wasting of time u people really taking more then 3 weeks but still sim is not activated. . .I can't trust what service u people r going to give	1
".....dept of psychiatry is corruption bounded field ......ask your health professional , would they like to unhide the fact"	0
BJP has won 82 seats not 80	1
Mary is as good as sachin tendulkar for our bharat	0
@ Neel Patel...   Glad to know dat   ur kindof  ppl  still  exists ... Stay blessed	0
What makes him dictator and modi not. Have you been to turkey or met some turks	0
smart AC which consumes 30% less electricity are very good innovation along with LED bulbs	0
Sonu nigam is right ! If they call azan then sing it with bare vocals	1
4g girl should give us free net now	1
Poisonous gas inhaling lead to death of seven workers in Maharashtra	1
By her hard work and talent Kangana made her place in Bollywood who is this dude to tell her to leave Shame	0
"Digital marketing have killed inflation to some extent by reducing mediator margins, however what about those who got unemployed bcz of digital marketing... So, it is nothing but very sudden move to make those people unemployed who were unable to have better education... Sir, this is gonna be murdering action if so sudden move has been implemented.. make sure you are on right way and please do something for those who are waiting for businesses or jobs...."	0
"Does India lack educated, intelligent and honest people to run the government?"	1
Well this is quite normal .. if the lady can't bear it then she don't even have any OLQs... Yeah it's in public but nominal one... He just scolded her ....	1
Am I watching the Dominar 400 launch event? Or am I at the wrong place?	1
"After 2019, Switzerland will provide real-time information on investments post 2018: FM"	0
Time to ban all bykes.  Most of the murder cases  murderers used two wheelers.	1
Police and CID demanding a bribe for passport verification.....is this true???	0
"To understand the ideology of the RSS, one needs to have a big brain n must be able to use it"	0
Die ..Instead of helping equality ..Everyone wants to be spoon fed ! Pathetic	1
"«---->❤✔OMG✔❤<----»   🍄 Add Close •» ABP News   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 EngBot.Tk <3 :o"	0
Oh God. Terrible this is. Haha.	0
"★★★TIRED OF BEING BROKE ★★★  $3,000 - $4,000 per month‼️ No Experience Required‼️ Training provided‼️ Benefits Immediately‼️ Get Paid Weekly‼️ For more info🤔🤔🤔 ✔️Friend Me‼️ ✔️Inbox Me‼️  ✔️ www.CoolMoneyMethod. com‼️"	0
Its not only about direction equal appreciation for writer whos imagination is magnificent	0
If he happen to be a cow then what will be the condition? Helicopter ambulance to the patient?	1
Killing in the name of Durga is the new 72 virgins.	1
'There is Rs 400 cr of counterfeit money in India'	0
Porki beggar terrorists pigs crying they need burnol ..proud on u akki	1
very simple question.where were indin army that time.i need answer with logic.	1
Is rec worth buying at this price??? Can u please update on finolex industries.... How the stock would be for long term???	0
Actually he wants to attract the attention of yogi nothing else.	1
Anna us sick he shyld just get well	1
"Huzaifa Khan,  loosing the charm by mentioning specifically. Always better not to aim at."	0
Is that all you got to say ?	1
"All don't subscribe to your way of waking up. If u want to wake up hearing azan or bhajan, use it as alarm tune. If you want to hear when someone calls you, make it your ringtone. If you want to hear in spare time, plug those earphones."	1
Indian Express is jealous of BJP's massive gains in Maharashtra including BMC that's why reporting this way.	1
RSS always supported British that is why they follow divide and rule now. Gandhiji assassination is it justified?	1
Come on ..you do not have to be abusive  ...however it reveals the type of person you might be.....definitely not a.good Muslim........read the Koran for guidance	1
"oh...i get it...he's saying 'screw you bajaj, for making me do this'!"	1
Next time sell the country and then prove it right....	0
"Why is it that most of the posts these days are asking students to chill out instead of working hard when they can. Because you chose to pick up the answer of someone trying to dropout over 100 other answers who made it big from IITs. Kind of shameful."	1
"Google pixel vs one plus 3t  Oops nowhere to compare  Its a completely different story"	1
I think all types of notes should be Renewed 😂😂	1
Good thing coming for the free loader loafers and usurpers.Of course the secular press will exaggerate it to the sky.	1
Whr is this money coming from???  Even the RBI said that they have 116000 thousands crore currency for 1000&500	0
The money lost by SBI to Mallya will be collected with our common people in the new way..... Super	1
And Anuj please don't get rid of your wife for Bajaj Dominar😝😝😝	0
"100% agree with him! But it also applies to Temples, Gurdwaras as well as Mosques! Yu just can't single out just any one. Morning, Afternoon, Evening & Nite time propaganda of all religions thru Mike's & blaring speakers has to stop!"	1
Does debating such topics in TV really matters?I mean does it even make a difference to the people??	1
"Hi, What Shall be Bottom Range for Nifty in Worst Scenario for April Series."	0
Mallu ± Mulla is dangerous combination 😂	1
But it produces terrific terrorists which China protect very well.	0
Reema Pls comment on TAMO. holding at 350/-.. is it good for another 1 yr.	0
Main issue with jio is network and data speed ..As compare other tele brand company	1
"Though I dont despise this system of Aazan, I would like to ask why should this system be followed in India when most of the prominent Muslim countries are not following?"	1
"Dear Idiot Express, instead of only quoting some news agency, do ur own research if u care abt the facts or real journalism. All these countries been banned since a very long time. It dint happen just this week. You ppl hv started posting this bcz of Trump taken certain decisions."	1
raj deep all old news ? ....why indian women parliamentary  have decided  it .....?	0
Any idea whether BHEL will cross the resistance of 160?	0
"Hemon das.. did you read the Quran by your own and the ""several time beheaded the kaffirs"" line is thier.. or you referring through the google.. ?"	0
Surely not a Muslim ban but moreover a ban on entry of citizens of 5 countries? Not that I am supporting the ban just saying that it's not a religious issue.	0
Earnings to suprise positively ? Can we expect worst over for Infy TCS ?	0
you get a 3* for 900RS and i am talking about branded 3* :)	0
"Carefull every one  !   Anna Hazare re-birthed. What is he up to? Sure, it is not to eradicate Indian National Congress.  Could be, he is aiming to get rid of Kejriwal and AAP."	1
Bhai Vijith do something man	0
This plan is a huge success for me..if the tax ambit is increased from 2 to 10%	1
An old man who is handled by the most dangerous politician in history	1
It wil create a dent on 150/200/250/390 cc category if priced aggressively	0
Really?? Then what r u expecting... A six pack guy.... Read and understand the nature of bheema in mahabhartha...	1
Those 13 jihadis killed by MOAB is a blessing for Indians. May more such isis inspired jihadis leave India and get killed anywhere. We don't care...☺	1
"Its a very good decision to demonitise 1000 & 500 ruoees notes, but why exempt the political parties when they deposit their money in bank. Why double standard with common man, isn't exempting the political parties is corrupting the original decision of demonitisation."	1
"Lol... These clowns are paid agents just working to spill nonsense and garbage here. Not surprised why they don't respond when good questions are asked. They hardly understand English anywayz! Still it's some employment like these gau-wadis are doing at the behest of upholding a religion!! Never mind!! Ppl get what they voted for! Jus don't come over in Kerala! Cuz we vote for keralites and true keralites like the cow, on their plates, well done!! Lol."	1
Sir very badly  I am Indian ex-serviceman my time my unit  24 RR fuckking   pakestan post	1
"Which one u want  Y category  Ya Z category ohZ+ no worries u get it No need dramas"	1
Anuj what about chemical stocks ? good sector to be in	0
You ppl still seem confused about what removed you from government... Was it Anna Hazare / was it Modi wave / was it your own bad behaviour / your curruption / your inability / your daily news of arrogance and curruption OR all above together ????	1
Kerala beef fry is delicious with rice cake...	0
Demonetisation has had no major impact on our business: Sorrell	0
Nikhil Kashyap we don't have cowbell moving on the streets 😂😂😂😂😂 don't forget India known by taj Mahal who was build by turkish many historic heritage build by Turkish in India during mughal regime..😂😂😂😂 what have you build for your country cowbell ? and ugly 😂😂😂statue for worship	1
Hey Sonia how long do you see this down side?	0
I heard from somewhere... if a big player needs loan..of somewhere 100cr..they pass the file to new PO.. irony he does not have experienced .. pressure from manager to sign the file..made him to do it..if any questuions arises..put the blame on that officer..who might known... what he had done..story from a well knwon place..u believe it or not..this is how small players..loot banking system..	1
"After all these comments, they still don't want to correct it. Shows the pathetic state of click bait mainstream media. God bless!!"	1
5th fail Moulvis suffer from a decease now-a-days to interfere in all matters to prove themselves 5th fail Moulvis. Horrible... !	1
WAt a racist. No worries dude. Ppl like you will cease to exist naturally. Hahaha	1
"Quais A jalal.... Ur surname should be changed to jaahil By the way someone said it correct...  Ur name explains ur comment very well :p"	1
Only 12.2 per cent of Parliament seats are held by women.	0
We give u place to live and now u r talking against Pak. I m also from Afghani tribe. I hate India and Afghani like u. Go to hell Ahmedzai	1
REPlaCE kapil with Arvind and the whole scenario changes abuse to praise	1
This serves as a fitting reply to the so-called liberals.	1
Well.. The CM can be goon... But this joker is really a tampon...	1
Anna  ginn will comeout before every election against AAP. :)	1
If interest rate will hike by fed...then what is the effect on nifty	0
imagine the plight of the other hooded  guys/girls on the stage - they must be sweating and cursing the bike and the lady singing - their Badduua will ensure the first 100 bikes have punctures!!\	1
"Modi ji, u have done great job but bankers r spoiling ur deam by giving crores of Rupees to politicians n business man tat hurts common man."	1
When will IT industry move beyond dollar-rupee conversion rate...Admit it or not thats the basic business model and revenue source.Is this sustainable in long term?	0
Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian.	0
Good... People cannot have any opinion at all for 5 years	0
"Wipro IT services EBIT up 4.6% at Rs 2,526.9 cr vs Rs 2,415.5 cr (QoQ)"	0
"She is not a neurosurgeon, false news being spread again and again by the mainstream media."	0
"Gupta G... Don't look injustice for women from  one angle and I'm not here to support triple talaq.        You say, is alcohol ruining the families or not???"	1
Be positive Indian Express. Grow up	1
"Bjp got 80 shiv sena 84, it's not a massive win Indian express ... I know you hate bjp .. but please.... don't go crazy"	1
"out comes a low cost, low quality duke which leaks coolant after 10k km"	0
"Ram Navami comes once in a year. Azan 5 times in a day. 365 days voice pollution. Therefore, one must comply with the Supreme Court orders. Religion is a private issue."	1
Why bajaj is not looking in to scooter segment as they were master in that field ?	0
"Very true, who needs terrorists produced by Pakistan? :D :D"	1
"Totally agree with Indian Army Cheifs statement : Only few Kashmiries take violent route in order to achieve their Freedom, rest all are protesting through Non Violent protests."	0
"It will remain to be seen whether INC (UP) stay clear of itself by not falling in trap of DEMONETISATION, SURGICAL STRIKE ( these two are for 2019 !) & CAST POLITICS in UP (urban region) but uses UP(rural) plateform with full might in this regard using TRADITIONAL RADIO broadcasting mode / evening time  & FLASH BROADCASTING MODE over Net (e.g. block SMSs)/Dinner - Bed Time ✔"	0
"They r getting benefits as those areas r not getting used that's why's , start ing roads will make them weak ,"	1
he is non sense stupid fellow just want to fool my Muslim brethren and rule over them	1
Award giving committee also consist of JNU supporters only. They say you are named on award giving committee only if you are giving award to JNU only.	1
Its the pakistani juditiary that did you a favour! Indian juditiary is corrupt and cant give such stay order to a pakistani national! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂	1
Very good decision . What these companies were doing when they knew it well in advance . I would urge the honorable to inflict fine on these companies as well as the state Govt where these companies are located .	0
Question is not re-election but when will he shut his mouth? Don't care which party he belongs to.	1
"Where ever there is innocent killing and terrorism you will find the name of Saudi Arabia and Middle East countries, they have kept their own countries safe and clean and pays billions for killing and terrorism in other countries specially third world."	1
Very Humane Air line - Air India - Thank You	1
If we able to help illiterate people with internet. It's sounds good.	0
"If that would be then u people would never in power, Hindu doesn't vote for quoto & free food"	0
the time is so odd for office goers...can it be watched live somewhere?	0
72 million is well above expectations of 20 to 30 million	0
Ow...Every Indian  must be proud ..Bcz Every Man of Pakistan Checks Indian Website to see what is going on....	0
Dear mam or sir. ..I need a job.  Can u help me plzz .....in my house so mch problems pllz help Ill do any work	0
"She is brave n bold, what others had in mind she spoke it on your face.."	0
pak army  on the world beast army.pak army never do like that.	0
He is the one who got slaps by SRK 😁😁😭	1
In modi era indian Hinduism is at its peak	1
"Illiterates have started teaching to highest literacy rate people now. Do u know ur literacy rate in world among muslims ? It is just 0.27%. Horrible..! The lowest literacy rate among all religions."	1
"Girish Rajani original ID dalit. Cant digest the truth"	1
Idiot 10/11 bjp in majority.......	1
Those who have so much money they are against decision.	1
"Sonu Nigam said nothing wrong, if you want to selectively listen & outrage, that just points to your opportunism and hidden agenda."	1
Well said Saurabh..Mr Ali as far as i know Mr Manmohan Singh is a very educated man but what he gave to this country?? A basket full of Curruption & scandals...Unlike the present PM who is hardly educated but still if you like guys like Ex PM and Congress party then bro can't help.	1
"Dear Bomma, in our Indian sub-continental, we allowed a group of parasites to grow. Mr. Sushi is one of them. He is very good in English because he grown up in that way. But a man of 100% lack of integrity. Please donot expect anything good for India and its neighboring countries from him."	1
He should be behind the bars . Lock him up and hit 50 times with same chappal .	1
"💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
There is no comparison between CNBCTV18 and TimesNow. Don't they understand this? One is business news channel and other one news channel. They should compare with ETNOW. I'm independent viewer but sad CNBCTV18 should think before they write to prove it.	0
"#RepublicDay The UAE is the second country after France to send its troops to participate in the Republic Day parade of India, a tradition that started last year."	0
"Boring as helll....i can sit thru a lecture in collg, but THIS!"	1
"And yet hindus of kerala, west bengal, north east india are avid meat eaters, the dalits and the tribal groups of india do consume  huge quantity of beef. Why drag islam in everything, aren't the dalits,tribals,christians,jews, hindus of some region eating beef?"	0
hike is not a problem for the people but the proper and effective utility of the amount so earned or amount subsidy saved is a billion $ question. Will that saved subsidy will go to the corpus of corruption?	1
Haha well ladies first Sukhna Chhabra it would a dream to meet her 🙃🙃	0
Where will we ride like this in India in DONGRI...40 CC banao	1
Congress lost all their black money to use in next election 😂	0
read the same quote -2 years back  ......brany  let have beer  man .........refresh the summer with carlberg beer in virgin airlines	0
"Be prepared for more and more harassment, more and more unproductive compliances and more and more taxes. The poor citizens of India will be screwed by the bureaucrats from Central and State."	1
His rivals in the party could cut him to size?	0
He as finish is music carrier he want bharat ratna and bjp ticket	1
"Kashmiris can't tolerate Hindus living in valley, they threw 5 lakhs hindus from valley in 1990s And I am surprised that there is a temple in Kashmir with loudspeaker ?"	1
She instead of talking against ABVP should have told those fit for nothing jnu students that she would like study and not talk so much nonsense	1
"Anirban Kundu  So you are the pesticide"	1
Give true news.. do not misleading people... You are master of misleading peoples.	1
"Sooner or later BJP will raise through RSS more and more........15% to 20 or 30%..even more.....  And all this will happen bcas of people like you"	1
"Sonu nigam, shows to be ban, bcoz of noise get pollution that he's creating by his shows..."	1
What a joke no one believes such rubbish anymore .	1
😂😂😂😂 did u say the same thing when kejriwal was slapped or he was inked ?	1
Navraate Festival only happens 8 to 9 days but wht abt every morning and evening some people are comfortable and some are not to Azaans n all so everyone have a right to say and a good sleep..	1
The withdrawal of the April 29 tweet by the army could mean the two power centres have arrived at a settlement on the issue	0
Kejriwal is a scandal in the history of Independent India.	1
"Opposition members in d parliament do not have democratic spirit, i wonder why they dont allow others speak. They should remember that    youngers r listening n watching their behaviour bcz they r d representatives of people. If they behave like rowdy n disturb others speak they r not real parliamentarians, i must say. Democratic spirit n behaviour is expected of them, otherwise, what what d student community will learn from them."	1
AK creating ri8 image of BJP and bjp doing reverse of it spreading false propaganda against AAP	1
Royal enfield bullet seems to duplicate lot of problems not as the original old bullet	0
"Hi Could you ask Dilip Bhat regarding e-governance theme stocks like Sak Soft, Aksh Optimizer etc."	0
Vishnu Tallapragada In Kashmir during the 2014 floods the Army selectively rescued only hindu tourists and left the Muslim locals. The hindu tourists were rescued by Army helicopters.Muslims were left to die.	1
"""There are widespread doubts on Amma's health among people. It is the responsibility of a government to clear those doubts..."""	1
This PM doesn't give respect to house n democracy finally people . Hitler style n India will std.	1
#Plots sale in | #chandapura | #Anekal | #ElectronicCity | #HosurRoad | #Bangalore | #Hosur | #BMRDAPlots | #BudgetPlots | #Sites	0
"Diverting attention from Kashmir issue, not a chance 😂😂😂 HANDS OFF KASHMIR  🙌"	0
Everything by force in a democracy is a wrong one .	0
"Frank Ezung. And you must be a namak haram  Don't talk about intire north east Just say about your self"	1
"Cashless is best decision result will be seen after total cashless Govt servant will suffer while demanding bribe"	1
i personally feel this page is not operating by actual indian express. As the real one newz paper no one can beat in india. Many time i have found wrong information here on Fb.	0
"Upto 2000 rs means ,is that only 2000 rs note ,?"	0
"I FEEL SAD FOR KEJRIWAL, BECAUSE NO ONE IS UNDERSTANDING THAT HE GOT A MENTAL ILLNESS AND HE NEEDS TREATMENT. HE NEED TO SEE A PSYCHIATRIST. ITS SERIOUS."	1
Need to get reality check too...look around...vision is good but should be combined ground work!	1
"Have a look at the people who have  reacted at this post .(grin emoji) All are bloody muslims only"	1
What is use of these recalibrated atms when there is no cash in them. Poor policy implementation by government	0
media should be banned discussing on religion  linking to elections.	0
A perfect politician and really everyone should be proud that in a male dominant society a bold woman like her who faced all struggles to become CM of Tamilnadu. A loyal respect to Amma Selvi.J.Jayalalitha. Rest In Peace 😥😥😥✌	0
Watever wipro is doing but the behaviour over there is very bad	0
Morons like you are the product of incest and inbreeding among cousins	1
Even police is not safe from BJP terrorist group what the save others?	1
can we still face a downward path in the market.. when can we see market in green. Got tired watching market in RED RED RED since long days	0
fraud and fake Goverment only work on Media	1
Which sector wil turnaround this year & give good return . Is metal story over.	0
its not your fault. mental illness is in your blood	1
This is our Media.... These charges have been announced only by HDFC Bank............ and look what this news channel has portrayed to us	1
"why we should get so surprised we train them the decipline the human value.make them to have a positive out look for the country &society. definitly the are going to impart this others. in America for this they have a system that every citizen had to undergo two years compulsory military training. that way the have a train down personal available to be called  at short notice"	1
Do u mean pak army entered into Indian territory attacked Indian post killed them n mutilated bodies n went back. Than what was Indian army doing. Every Indian must think. Something is fishy.	0
Next ur name that goes without doubt cox of ur curiosity !!!!	1
"Alex, I can't help you there.Only you can control your imagination cnbc tv 18 above news falls in B.C OR A.D...watch home alone part 3"	0
No LKA in the front row or did he not attend?	1
But e1 infosys making 52 week low so shld b avoid infosys too anuj	0
Vikas Giri hahahahahahahaha this behave you deserved it we know how to deal india	0
Better go and tell to Mayawati and Kejriwal first	0
The committy rates have gone up and rupee has no value.  Still old currencies are huge with politians and corporates.No foreign policies.  Pak killing our Jawans daily and we are helpless.  We are total failure under BJP rule.	1
"Like Done :)  🔊 Good Afternoon :) 👤CNBC-TV18  📆 Tuesday : 18 April 2017  ✪ CNBC-TV18 ➽ Check Latest Post  ⏰ 4G Bot♻1 Minute 6 Second :v   8| Bot Boss▶Vikas Das  <3 BotBoss,Top 🔛 Server 2 <3"	0
We dont even have full time defense minister today.. Parrikar ran away to goa to his leisure days.. Rajnath is just a mule doing kadi nindaa aur Arun jaitley.. Lesser said better.. After demonetisation fiasco can't hope on him.. Importantly our PM is busy inventing acronyms and worried more about Muslim women..... We have lost almost 180 Army jawans and officers since last 3 years.... And I have never seen such incapable government	1
Such a reasonable decision by govt. I welcome this decision 🙏	0
"The same what is Indian Government doing ! 😞 What else can I expect from both these government 😞 Hatred is increasing day by day, and after all its benefitting both government and sick parties.😞"	1
RBI and demonetisetion will only bringing destres in system people are dying no money black or white is bigger then human life shameful   Decision country  didn't know how to rule how to feed people in some days india will become banana country	1
"Official Bot  By Hijran Ahmad  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 India TV :|] 🏡 Monday 📆 1 📆 May 📆 2017 🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 Ch Botters 🏡 India TV 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  1 minutes ⏰ 46 seconds ⏰  🏡 Personal Bot By  Hijran Ahmad 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡"	0
I dont hav right to kill ur belief nd tell u to eat sumthing which is holy for you.....my point was why is that ur problem when it is not our religious belief	1
Hi Anuj your long term view in JAMNA Auto & Sadbhav Engineering pls	0
"What about Lokpal, old man???"	1
If hdfcbank give 20%Cagr for next 10yrs it will be far bigger then JPMORGAN	0
Keep satisfying your ego by saying IITs are overated	1
"🎁 Bot😳 Powered👮 By😃 Prince😡 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Stay Active♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  24 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
Corruprion was high in congress time but everything was undercontrol and things were going smoothly.. india had best PM like you Mr. Manmohan... you are simply best.	1
Doucett Black.  “There are two ways to be fooled. One is to believe what isn’t true; the other is to refuse to accept what is true.” ~ Soren Kierkegaard.	1
is it the good time to buy JSW steels share ? short term basis	0
Time of Indian cinema to fight international entertainment business. Thanks to mauli and his team for a unbelievable records breaking achievement. Jai hoho honho ho	0
Market is going to rise...ur predictions are never correct...so dont spread lies...	1
Kindly focus on nexus of drug Mafia as u promised before election...for Mrs Gandhi lots of chamche sitting in Delhi	1
we (mango aadmi) already have less-cash Sir ...no need to become :D	1
Stupidity!!! If only you were this strict when he was alive.	1
"Now this idiot realises truth after being slave of a Single family rule , who destroyed our nation all these years !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"	1
"We should eat even court now allow , its basic right of human, no one interfere in such things, shame on our govt either in center or state who are doing such cheap politics"	1
"SECULARISM IS A WORD USED BY FASCISTS TO DO ANY NONSENSE THEY LIKE, IT IS A WORD CONNECTED WITH HATRED, IT IS THE MOST DEROGATORY WORD FOUNDED AND USED BY LOOTERS, MARAUDERS, CRUSADERS, AND THE CORRUPT TO SLAVE PEOPLE, IN OUR BHARAT AND ITZ CULTURE WE SAY VASUDEVA KUTUMBAKAM,"	1
"Yes,if the members of Other parties were attacked then BJP Responsible  If the BjP was attacked even the too BJP responsible...  Tremendous ideology And Hats off...to ur Secular thinking..."	1
"I am proud to see my mizo fellows doing thing like this,hope this is an example for other Indians."	0
No work make this men a nonsense to our society	1
Powered by Hamza Khan 💞💞	0
"My $0.02: When you make a billion $$$, everything seems fair (and reasonable). And, when you don’t nothing seems fair (and equitable). Logic of life. No-brainer, I guess."	0
So from now on. SADHUS and Sanyasis abandoned their Tapasya in jungle and mountains. They are now either politicians or businessmen. Thousands of young persons gave their lives never look after the positions after independence. But now those are supposed to uplift the characters of general public they themselves hankered after position and money.	1
Do surgical attack on them first than think about Pakistan..... this bastards need to clean first.... just shoot them immediately neither it will too late... P.M. should take action against naksali and so-called pattharbaj in kashmir...😠😠😠	1
There is a lot of difference for a ticket prices at 33$ and for a ticket at 7$	0
Modi bjp rss is concerned about Muslim women who suffer due to  Triple talaq  OK gud but they don't show any concern about widows of vigilante naked  crime  murder looting etc that's why nobody support it on Triple talaq issue becoz its intention s are malafide.	1
Taste of your own medicine is always bitter!	0
Kumar Vishwas is going to join BJP by next month. In the video he has praised BJP leaders like Vajpayee and Murli Manohar Joshi. Shame that he is using the soldiers as a pretext to create distance from the AAP.	1
"Dear PM sir 49 CRPF jawan shaheed in month of April only due to lack of intelligence and state government support.😢😢 300k CRPF force without any DG from last 2 months.😤😤 Who will take the responsibility😡😡😡😡😡"	1
"At last there is some support for Congress! But from the newspaper, which no one buys. Which is far away from logic & reality.They just ignore it like they ignore Rahul Gandhi & Congress. I seriously have doubts on the name of this newspaper. They must rename it Anti BJP Express 😂😂😂"	1
No. We want the ban nation wide including exports.	1
Finally anna return back to right home	1
"Abel Mathew, Sourav Rakesh read these comments. Mallus are pretty much🔥"	1
"After losing two matches against PV Sindhu on the trot, Carolina Marin made a roaring comeback against her Indian rival in the Singapore Open quarter-final."	0
After absorbing today's Asian scare it would be interesting to see what Mr. Market does now. Today it has been tremendous resilience...Ur views on market pls?	0
Mohammad Ashfaq Siddiqui I don't know what part of the news didn't you understand when the killer mistook him for an arab. The fact is there is more chances for Indians to to be alive and live peacefully in U.S if he/she is a hindu ofcourse unless a white is brainwashed by muslims into killing Hindus which I think the probability of that happening is high.	1
"It is because of people like these anti Indians Pakistan is trying to take advantage, high time give Pakistan their dues in their way."	1
"She is very emotional person, doesn't suit her in police uniform."	1
I guess #IndianExpress and #ABPNews didn't watch that video properly😡😡	1
"What has URI attack got to do with this, why are you people hell bent on protecting criminals?"	0
"Hi Anuj Please share your view on Dr. Lal Path Lab. Your opinion and outlook on this stock."	0
"You said p/e but that is for long terms may 2 year forward  ,so that mean price will affect for 2 year"	0
Support from all over the world except Pakistan and China the head ache of world community	1
"As Nithin Gadkari said; ""if criminals enter the party, we lessen their faults and increase their merits"". The act qualifies him to Share the stage with Yogi Adithyanath. To empower the criminals to rule the nation is extremely patriotic act.  Pray that rest of parties don't follow BJP in this regard."	1
"Bhakt's never accepts truth !! They are blind Cow's dumb eater and Urine drinker's"	1
Such a stupid music.  This is not funny.  He had given a nice speech	1
is it the good time to buy JSW steels share?	0
Surej Suresh well said 👍	0
New entrant for the market.. advice few shares to be in portfolio	0
"Metal stocks going up overtime , wats your view on it"	0
Its so much important for parents know how bad it is to pressurize children at such an early age. Straight from the legends like Sundar make a huge difference. Thanks a lot! #BackOnCampus	0
It's most worst speech of Prime Minister of India in the Indian History	1
Will kpr mill go above its buy back price of 660	0
Tired of the banking system. Looting common peoples money	1
June Bank nifty is trading at a discount to Spot for about a week now... Why is this??	0
Because we live in a free country	0
"Yes, I did. I told you we should have pursued this. It was a cool idea."	0
I live in England but I want my country to United	0
Comment on chemicals like Tirumala and Sudharshan making new highs	0
A normal RJ is better comedian than that Kapil... He just got a proper stage and famous	1
Yes and hidden agenda is to empower Muslim people and not mulla's who are controlling Islam.	1
I also almost joined AAP.	0
Beating up thieves is not new in Assam. thats village justice. You media is trying to manipulate it.	1
"Jhumla.... Jhumla.... Jhumla (no action but only sweetened words with honeyed tongue)   Waiting 4 another doubtful surgical strike just to cover up shame.   Congress took just 1 surgical strike Led to the birth of Bangladesh.   Bhartiya Jhumla party took 1 surgical strike (though highly doubtful)  Led to maiming of two precious brave soldier."	1
Check with the census if both father and son are included	0
Anna Hazare the gr8 !!!	0
"He mean when the baby cry while he sleeping  he get disturb of carrying noise so hold the baby's neck  This is all drama for to get fame only  Enough now by the using religions  Now we all Indians are aware of those all"	1
"I really like like kangana, whether it's her personal life or professional she is so true n straight forward n doesn't act like a hypocrite . At least someone dare to show Karen Johar his actual face in the mirror.. And c stands for her own not taking support of anyone.. not fearing anyone. I just love her"	0
Hi sir !!! Hope u r doing well... can you suggest on indiacement...can I buy with the current value	0
Mr. Rahul Gandhi confused his stash of black money to be white money. It's the irony of being too raw for politics and given responsible and leadership roles as a handout just for being the poster baby.	1
This is not public videos mc that is ur videos	1
Poor are always poor ...we can't judge them as their religion. ..these leaders can have every delicious food and Chinese food in every day life. ..but poor need to serve their taste and food with this limited foods. . So don't stop them to have their choice	1
"The day we start thinking from poor people point of view, we would realize the trouble. I have been observing many small business people having no cash and hence sitting at home for 3 weeks... Hope government act!"	0
Must be beaten including you  Indian Express should be dragged from house and roded	1
Every note of 500 and 1000 is been deposited in the bank then where the hell is black money gone	1
What ll be the economy condition of india after 6 month	0
Muslim also believes in BJP ..!! Love you sir ... Har har modi ghar ghar modi	0
"Asif Khan, R u born controversial or madrasa made controversial ?"	1
"I toh everytime say this 😂😂😂 You r the one crying all time :p"	1
"Everyday this indian hyenas  kill our citizens in Bangladesh india borders.They kill farmers children whenever they want.But our hijra BDR and hijra govt.can't do anything.when we BangladeshI heard that some indian dog killed by Pakistani army,our heart  fills with joy.Hurrah! today is party time."	1
"Market seems to be over valued. I mean PE at all time high for Bank Nifty and Divident yields less than 1, don't you think we should correct.."	0
Feudalistic chaebol ego.rattan nano big flop-why not accept and move on -supermen court battle over Singur already lost to Mamta.	0
"we dont have time for such issues, we are busy saving cows."	1
"come on lets fight mary kom .....come to the stage ...lets prove whove is the champion ....meet the l;egendary boxer of face book shiva shiva shiva shiva shiva shivaya ...ecstasy of shiva .celebrating the coolest"	0
Congratulation sir. I proud that my few of our family member working in Tata they r happy to see you back	0
when central bankes across the world are finding it difficul to place sufficent qualified person for the post then we are allowing a person who by his credientials have been elected as one of the best bankers in the world to go away.Yes it is true that massive funds for rulling partys political campaign have been spend by coporates like Adani.Rajan have always stood to bring inflation down which have a direct effect on common man.	0
seems only some particular people  suffering from this ..they are showing here	0
Pressittutes r worse than Politicians ! U r the biggest danger to democracy !!!	1
Will 8000 be a strong support. Can shorting 8000 PE  makes sense.	0
"Earlier in the day, PM Modi attacked the BSP chief and said those who deposit wealth for themselves can never solve the problems of people."	0
The man with dirty toung should be kept away from such post.The man who disrespect any Woman is not good for such honour	0
"Single tax rate PAN India is defeated .GST will become cumulative tax as Fuel + local body taxes + cess are in addition. Overall taxpayers will shell out more tax once GST comes into action   Confused thinking & wrong approach . It will be neither GST nor money bill but additional tax bill will give rise to inflation  Col lamba"	1
Commenting on fb is going to attract media and get soldiers what they deserve .... Hahahahahah ..	0
"Muslims are great and will remain great in this world and the other world , Terrorism does not belong to Muslims , it belongs to non Muslims or those who just use Muslim tag but don't know a little about islam."	1
The U S Government of Donald Trump will do nothing	1
"Yes, let's start from own backyard"	1
"Most cunning politician he is.  He will do something which some body else will object and that people see him a hero.. Knowingly the percentage limit,  where is the commitment  ?? Fake drama for next elections... And this pink brigade will March again on streets.."	1
Centuries ? Means there were loudspeaker invented in 10BC according to you.  -_-	1
she does not deserve to be IPS How dare one police officer can argue with senior MLA even it's a  ruling party. Police cannot insult MLA who is elected by the people and has to support his people. in such situations she should has to brave enough instead of emotiona..disgusting	1
Bias media they never highlight anything about north east n here is a case of cattle thief n this is a serious problem in assam recently within 1months we have lost 5 cattle in our village n how will the villegers treat if they r able to catch these thief so Bias media don't try to communalise this issue...	0
Same they did to akhlaq	1
Hahaha the heading..ride a bullet first then decide weather compitition exists or not	0
why RBI has not revised CRR & RR? any specific ...	0
Shame on myself that I'm ur fan	1
Can fin homes or LIC housing finance for long term??	0
"Vary causes to kill fellow humanbeings, sometimes it comes as cow, sometimes religion, sometimes caste or skin colour and political difference. Incredible India."	1
Sultan Ahmad you are so illiterate going by this logic usa and russia should be best friends cuz both have a majority population of catholics	1
"Better resign or don't work for people because people voted them,  they selected bigotry representatives so why u worry,  what they want do in that way..."	1
Hi Sonia do u have new notes of 2000 rs.	0
anna hazare . you should wear black topi with rss dress . you call yourself Gandhian . janlokpal is still not passed in parliament . where is civil society now .	1
tier 1-6 cities only -A TO C CLASS CITIES ONLY -DRILL	1
Somebody ask this fool to keep his mouth shut.Media should ignore him completely	1
"we hindus care innocent animals unlike xtians and peacefools , thats why im proud hindu"	1
Time to work? What u were doing till now!!!	0
"mah govt itself is at loss of 25-30% annual revenue, plus this will increase unemployement, they are planning to rope in some km area of highway under concerned municipal dept, bars and shops in mumbai are already working. Everyone knows govt will litreally go bankrupt without this industry such is the revenue from it"	0
"English news agency writing Punjab as punjan   How I don't know Even auto correct corrected it when I wrote it"	0
Now this is called real surgical strike not so called indian imaginary surgical strike.😂😂	0
"Wow, now take that money and give it to kingfisher."	0
You will understand very shortly what Indian surgical strike is called.	1
"Good insights... Layman thoughts clarified..  The way forward and booster for many newbies who wanna come up big time"	0
you might have posted this 5 times	0
"Israel and US are in a different league all together, the ideology backing them is also different"	0
"Shakil Ahmad Ansari your forefathers weren't  forced to converted in Islam.  Indira Gandhi was killed indirectly by your beloved Pakistan..  And how much killing made by your beloved Muslim ruller was uncountable.  Remember you share Indian DNA and your forefathers were converted"	1
Put everything in action .. Without expecting anything in return ... Focus on action oriented...	1
"I thought you will come back stronger.....😂😂😂 What the hell was that.... 'Congressi'😂"	1
CNBC TV should thank to Arnab Goswani for these figs.	0
Do you want a list of movies which were remade from tollywood to Bollywood? Akshay Varale	0
"First of all i wanna clear u something Rahul Bhardwaj...Tarek is not talking about Islam...He's actually talking about the Muslim Ruler who rule our India. May be they are some good or Bad."	0
COA is working overtime on behalf of traitor manohar and icc.if icc is not ready to listen to bcci let ghem go to hell.And These COA fools can go to home...leave bcci alone.you have already inflicted damages to indian cricket.who will pay COA or the supreme court ....	1
Oh Man!! I am enjoying comments more than the bike launch :)	0
You have nothing to say in connection with the misfortune of this lady? Strange.	1
personal secretary of lord shiva is here ..amish selling close up tooth paste	0
"Don't Miss this Opportunity* No Investment Required,Only 2-3 hours working and earn Rs 500 - 2000 per day. Totally Geniune. We need serious candidates, Type ""INFO"" Send to WhatsApp  now on this number 9749890410"	0
misuse ....aadhar should not be used as a card for identity proof -strictly	0
Whole infrastructure story is what one has to look forward based on the budget outcome so i went ahead with orient cement @ 125 but not much of movement. Any views on this stock	0
"Adverstising them is not an issue,but the way they are being endorsed is really one."	1
"Who knew of a Republican Party of India women's wing before this ""controversy""? Made up controversies to publicise a political party.."	1
She was always for the people. Great loss for tamilnadu	0
"well now brain dead bhakts want small traders, farmers, waiters, daily wages workers to open bank accounts and deposit their daily salaries and small turnover in their bank accounts."	1
"Show more intent ? Yeah more intent than fiddling with Anushka's ti💋💋ies on valentine's day instead of preparing for the tough Oz... Now it is time for him to ✊✊✊🍄💦💧💧💧 👎 And where is IdliSambarBuddhi coach Kumble and the Sardar Joker Harbhajan whose comment has become the best Sardar joke I've heard in a while... Gone is Kohli's swagger and snoot... He's like Mary's little lamb now..."	1
I think it is blown over size for a normal comment!	1
In the next 20 years humankind can achieve much more than it has in the last 300 years: Mukesh Ambani	0
What will happen to breweries stock like UBL because of Supreme Court ban???	1
Hahaha 'Ahmed' ! One can only expect this type of lies coz truth does not suit Ahmeds. Hello do Google and check yourself. It was your Drama Kejri who jouned Anna Hazare movement to come to limelight and then suddenly ditched Anna to form party to fool public of Delhi. So better get the fact right before supporting your CONgress and Drama rogue party. Dont write lies just coz it suits your appeasements.	1
what abt my right as a general	1
Escapists!!! Made money on percentage basis and now time to rest!! Gud idea	0
"Asif Khan politics and terrorism are separate issues, please don't mix by saying andhbhakt."	1
Govt has allowed FDI in sectors which were never available to non-govt parties: Commerce Minister	0
Make me Prime minister for 3 hours only.... and will solve this Pakistan issue for coming 3000 years without any hurdles.	0
"Demonitisation brings a change to selected good candidate in coming Punjab, UP,Manipur,Goa election"	1
I'm not in mood of showing you guys the bike appreciate the music first	1
Another substandard dialogue for bhakths!	1
now this is called the surgical strike which the enemy admit itself	0
"Well i can now see clearly bjp losing 2019 no matter how modiji gives out his mann ki baath,modiji has opened the gates for congress and other national parties,keshav deserved to be cm of UP,all i can predict and say CPI or JDU with alliance shall take over which mean either nithish kumar or yechchuri will become next prime minister of india."	1
We need heads of all pakistani armies  and the terrorists active in Kashmir. Bodies of pakistani armies also be mutilated.tit for tat	1
"Modi where is ur surgical strikes, what happened ur 56'' chest"	1
"With due respect to all Non Veg people..,it really gives me goosebumps how to eat meat..!  No offence towards any one..& m sorry in advance..! Its my personal opinion..m a pure veg & very idea of eating Non veg makes me sick..☺"	1
"The author is very free with his words and has scant regard for balance, examination of different viewpoints and reasonableness of conjecture. But I guess he likes this brand of sensationalism which can earn him some brownie points among the armchair left-leaning liberal intellectuals"	1
Mam I have 1100 motilal oswal financial @ 508 give me 10 year TGT	0
If you are so much disturbed by #AZAAN then leave that place and take place in #HELL	1
"After the results of UP elections it is confirmed manipulation can happen with everything, even with democracy, after all Democracy is just a thought to make people feel that they are living in a liberal way, but the truth is quite different, it doesn't matter if it is BJP, Congress, BSP,SP etc, politics is just a tool to manipulate."	1
It's true that for this step government was not fully prepared.	0
Porkistani produces one thing for you Mr Sun that is terrorist which have now enter in your xinxhayng province and soon you see they will make life he'll in ur country.	0
"Vijayan should ashamed of himself as I have never seen such a hypocrite CM. He belongs to a party which has the dirtiest record killing of millions of people around the globe. Stalin,Mao and their other ruler were more ruthless than Hitler."	1
Sir my land load demanding rent in cash only he worn strictly. What I do pls suggest 7827950141	1
All benifits gone to pakistan . Leather products order from abroad are going to pakistani comapnies due to Cow Vegilence . Army are dying only Indian bcz Pakistani uses Kasmiri civilians	1
"DIGITAL INDIA JOB Earn money with your smartphone work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 600 daily life changing opportunity type ""JOIN"" & send to my whatsapp number 09464061516"	0
How can you abuse south ? Dont cross line they are indian	1
"in india 90 % of crime(caw slaughtering , terrorism , jehad , women exploitation ...) are doing by muslim but our political parties support them for vote banking . a/c to sacher commity report muslim population in 2050 in india will be max. so to return a bright future to our next generation we should not support any islamic parties(congress tmc rjd sp aap bsp)"	1
"U cant cos ur a sanghi agent enjoying z plus security,"	1
Will the petrol & diesel prices go up tonite ?	0
This cowardly act has to be punished... RIP our brave soldiers	0
"This is nt ur IQ .... BUT IT UR HATERED TO PARTY... IN WHICH U R BLIND"	1
Is it ok being RSS Sevak to join any other party rather than BJP...	0
"Sir any view on PSU stocks like MMTC ,STC etc?"	0
Do you think BJP will atleast consider your words but for us they are hillarious 😂. We need more such jokes plz.	0
this is mock drill ...because in parliament no members  where having short nap ....	0
"Agree with you Sheikh Asadullah But in India there is total non-respect  for ladies - # of rapes; brides bullied for dowry etc This must b addressed at a national level"	1
"worst conditions of minority in Pakistan,  really intolerance for other religions in pak"	1
"Sorry to say, he was our PM for 10 years.."	1
But what about that MLA	1
Who ever is abusing PM. Keep ur mouth shut as u did for so many years...	1
Bangalore and Hyderabad on the list... Like south India is really progressing... Real estate prices for sure but rural areas need more attention too in terms of education and empowerment. All the population is stagnant only in these cities macha!	0
Jio made other telecom players to cut data prices ... so far they were looting us ....thanks a lot sir	1
Nobody can replace Sri Ratan Tata. He should continue for ever.	0
He has actually spoken about sound pollution...irrespective of religion...media creates hype with some other masala using one particular religion...otherwise how will they run their news	1
"RSS favour for India , India favour for all religious ."	0
I have a cousin brother who has done that. IIT B passout AIR 93. Works at Manhattan now. Thats very true. You might see some bit they are really very few.	1
Oh god why can't people do whatever is convenient for them without dragging some -ism into it	1
Indians are the best and suitable for these job bido yadav	1
Bajaj needs to upgrade der quality standards first.. competition wid RE comes later	0
7 half dick muslim pakistani dogs are now in jannath dancing with 72 virgins	1
Patience...! Patience..! And Patience required at this point of time..!👍🏻👍🏻	1
It's more like a funeral ceremony rather than a motorcycle launch event.	1
Lolz....ask Saif Ali Khan and Katrina...aka phantom.....to carry immediate surgical strikes....and take kalbhushan with them....lolzzzzzz.....	1
Ban on 500 and 1000INR note is good step but why 2000INR note	1
"Very bad news channel is ABP Neaws channel Only BJP news channel in this world Very bad news channel is ABP Neaws channel Not interested in indian people"	1
"Quite an absurd comment coming from a versatile singer like Sonu Nigam! How can he talk about a prayer being a noise pollutant! Next he will have problem with the sound of mandir bells and blaring Navratri Jagarans! Sorry, but your comments are pathetically bad! 😑"	1
she is brahmin so no hindu-brahmin rss organisation lynching her.	1
#UPDATE Congress is seeking a discussion on the government formation in Goa and Manipur.	0
Bjp. .a darkness chapter of our holy land	1
Accused.. not convicted❗️ Plz don't misrepresent in a way that society is misled	1
not just aap............he took a dig at every political party in power.......who ignored this serious issue.	0
If bodies are mutilated according to the your version then pak army went into your territory and it's called #Realsurgicalstrike	0
"Aakash Sinha aiff stands for football , why are they rewarding badminton , wrestling Olympians ?"	0
Like Pakistan itself is unacceptable to the world ? Terrorist producing country.. 😂😂😠😠	1
Hy i'm Florida follow me if you want to good friendship with me.i'm making new friends.....	0
"Pls dig down more to get actual thing,"	1
How could this govt. issue new Rs 2000 notes without any legistlation.Section 24(1) of the Reserve Bank of India Act provides exquisite denomination of currency notes.	1
Great 👍 best of luck...keep trying....just identified an RSS fanatic	1
It's time to check the marketing bozos	1
"Can you share you me with , can i book profit on maruthi now?"	0
"Election commission have fudged EVM machine, Which can exchange vote in favour of, most rich and powerful political party.  I don't think, AAP or Congress can win with such kind of EVM machine"	1
Create personality cult and taken political approach not act as director of RBI but as agent of Congress so called intelactual not greater than Indian economy or institution.  Why Congress didn't elect shree kalam for his second term	1
Tell me plzz i want to MLA's too	1
"So sad , today we commoner require the basic facility  and not the Bullet Train, so many security personal employed to protect the elected criminal Netas and the facilities provided to them even after their tenure is very disheartening  ....when will we rise up?"	1
"Hey Prabhu! Please let people of india know the current  avg speed of average passenger train and what it will be in "" 2023"" the year of  commissioning of bullet train."	0
"Hey Chawla, how come ur last name is chawla? Why don't u change it to Banvila? I guess if ur hero has massive heart attack, Indian Muslims will also have heart attack!!"	0
"I follow that page because it's good to be aware of what's been going on in other people's heads and what kinda bull**** they are propagating. We need to be aware. And I feel it's time we spoke up against all that are calling us average middle class people intolerant or biased or any such nonsensical label. We just wanna live in peace, please let us."	1
Former MP Jambuwantrao Dhote Passes Away	0
"If we are able to stand away from political parties and view him as a parliamentarian , other MPs must emulate him in various aspects. We need not be a communist to appreciate him as a parliamentarian. Problem now is we just jump in with saber in hand to finish one personality just cos he belongs to a party. Many parties have good MPs like him , but out of party affiliation to one party or other we just spew venom on others. Better debates by MPs decide  the future of good democracy."	1
The whole world knows that how difficult it is for AK and how easy it is for Kumar Vishwas .	0
Pakistani forces has done cowardice act.Indian forces will give strong reply to dirty pak tricks of provocation.	0
Hao theek hai uncle....i also wasted my precious time for you...i was interested in to politics only because of you..and now you are playing in the hands of most destructive political ideology.	1
"Europe , UK , USA , China have already banned usage of Loudspeakers for religious purposes ."	1
"This country requires cash at this moment, not your political speech."	1
Who the hell is government to decide what to eat and what not.	1
"Beta it's not bally wood shooting, it's called war. Your army is just like she male army.  O respect and dignity at their own. Don't ever try to mess with Pak."	1
ironically Mumbai also has the 2nd largest slum in Asia ..Dharavi	1
Only Kejriwal and his anarchist followers can indulge in such shameful activities.	1
Yes. Bjp will say we need red beacon and security. Can't live without it. Power is addictive	1
"First good news which feels like I am in good society......These criminal should not only be beaten............They should also be executed......As they are doing RAJNITI on some one got killed ......... Stupid says he was a OBC.....They don't know that Hindu is Hindu......................  Stop playing on some one death....."	1
Don't knw indian express ko itni footage kyun de rha iska...timepass stories	1
Do you have any doubt? Why was he holding some many pistols and ammunition etc ?If he is not when police rounded up why was he holding up and firing at police?	1
it is just a matter of two or four days for indian politician and indian media. :p	0
Those who are dreaming of bjp to fall .will keep dreaming .....	0
You are stupid . If little educated check fatwa details. These days people make noise without knowing anything.	1
Modi ji has any words today or only man ki bat will do	0
Fantastic ! He said it right ! Loudspeakers create nuisance and disturbance and also Politicians and fundamentalist s misuse it with their fiery announcements ! Ban it for ALL communities except for special occasions with prior permission s !	1
The ban has been there since 2011. #paidmedia like IE are looking in tat direction only after Trump. Kuwait merely extended the bAn. Now the 'liberals' are in a bind. They are silent like the dog in the Sherlock Holmes story 😉😂	1
Poor have no work.. No money.. No purchases.. Loan is surviving mode for them . Rich cannot spent cash .. Credit only for white . Entertainment industry suffers	0
How we should know which good or bad .... Government also take action on that	1
"do you believe this news ? .....lets us assume even if the news is real .....p.m election campaign from 2014 -  total number of days wasted -45"	1
I can't even expect much better from the blind followers of him.	1
Don't worry now we will send some Sex Toys not only for P.M. Modi's wife but also for the wives of those soldiers who killed by their own Barbarian Army to blame Pakistan. ......#SexToys	1
My questions - is the train going to operate under Indian made engines ? Will the train achieve the set speed on those tracks & will be the the train in such condition after a year in service ?? if the answers no to even 1 or 2 of the needs - why to Bragg about such temporary achievements ...till than good luck Indian Railways ...	1
Was it  because  they had no  money  due to  demonising .	0
Says the man who stole all the ideas from Tesla	1
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
Rohit Ji pl.use good words n day sorry to Mr Azad	1
Anmol Jain - first one to burst in this startup bubble	0
Mahatma gandhi could have made 1000 dhotis out of it	0
Hii reema prashant view on HPCl ...hold ??....and 2017 view on oil and gas	0
great beggars n liers of th world is porkistan	1
All Pakistani people are again in electronic  Indian journal. It's prove that they don't like their country rather merge with original country and stop killing both sides of army. Rather do on original criminal British people.	0
"Pakistan has no guts,,,,,,Pak knows the consequences  It is defeated every where by India,,,,,,,,"	1
Indians are not serious about corruption!	1
Nothing interesting.... Stay away.... Financial system fail in India... No longer gwoth story...... Waste of time	0
Now Indian government has to take some risque about madarchod pakiatani	0
so as per whole world plotting conspirocy aginst your religion....LolllZZZ	1
"DIGITAL INDIA PART TIME JOB.  Free earn money from android mobile without any investment multi level networking work daily 2 hours per day earn Rs 15000 to 50000 monthly, life changing opportunity. Install CHAMPCASH app from the google play store, open and register it, put the reffer id of sponsor 13083581. Note down this id(13083581)on the paper. Complete the challeng and activate your champcash account. SPONSOR ID:- 13083581."	0
"Whatever failure is because the people of our Country is downright corrupt. The people in the  Banks, Media,Income Tax and other enforcing agencies etc. OF COURSE NOT ALL. THERE ARE MANY WHO HAD  HELPED TREMENDOUSLY TO  REMONITISE AND BRING IN AN ERA OF DIGITAL ECONOMY. SMALL TRADERS EVEN IN KOLKATA ARE GOING CASHLESS."	1
"He said his initials, I H H, stand for ""I Hail Hitler,"" and that he gave a prayer for the Nazis on the day his name officially changed."	0
share market tp tirupathi hundi .....that is cnbc tv 18...govinda govinda	0
It seems to be fake news. Media is trying to divide people.	0
"United nations declare hafeed syeed a terririst Osama was killed on ur soil Malala was atacked by ur terrorists U support terrorist  All fake. Lol"	1
We feel all IPL tamasha should be withdrawn..no fun..let all get serious ...let us protest all hand in hand ..to the terrorists  shameful	0
"Oh pakistan said thst Dowd is not in Pakistan then how is he admitted in military hospital in pakistan ? ,Infia's leaders said we will caught Jim and will bring inIndia but that was not happened In all there i"	0
105 years ago EngLand made less than 100 runs in first innings against south africa in 1905 THEN PaKistAn done it now; superb PaKiStaNi team	0
Morons running the country n passing tuglaki rules	1
@ArunThukral I am a long term investor. which is the best Defense sector stock that i can buy and hold	0
Uncalled for by someone called Sonu Nigam!!  He should have gone used to Azaan!  What about other loud speaker issues?  Didn't think he'd make a comment like this??	1
"Hi regarding sugar, international market gone down in last one week around 100usd per Mt. So how do you see the market will more go down or what?"	0
Wow this idiot wants to ask question and answer by himself	0
I have an enfield.. So guys stop saying enfield is the best lol.. Clearly it's not😑	0
It's not trust vote it's fixed vote for money	1
"View on itc,as we see inching towards 250 (short term)"	0
Mr. Chidambaram (Congress Party) shortly hanged by Indian Government because he proved as a Anti National Element	1
People will realise what he says after this govt will be gone and country will cry over its misfortune to have such a stupid prime minister... As far as his qualification are concerned Modi will have to be born again to reach somewhere near him... So bhakta plz shut up..	1
"HyDer Khoso Common people in India as well as Pakistan want peace. Unfortunately, disturbing incidents happen at the border. Let's pray for peace. [BTW, you'll love this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UiCBpKAwnjM"	0
"I'm from Afghanistan and grew up and living among Afghans Here you will find love for india in the heart of every single Afghan and will find hate for hypocrite Pakistan I think we should not waste time on whether Pakistan is terrorist state or not Bcz everyone knows that Pakistan is not only supporting terrorist but Pakistan itself is terrorist  It's just time to take action against it  Long life india Afghanistan friendship and brotherhood"	1
"He is past his prime in Bollywood. He hardly gets to sing for a movie. The new singers have made their way and occupied Central place in playback singing which he enjoyed sometime back. So, now he is frustrated and desperate coz no one is talking about him and his vocals. Hence, the best way possible for him like all losers is talk against Islam and Muslims to get noticed. My request to Muslims wud be to ignore this defeated soul and leave him with his madness and frustration."	1
Lack of understanding about religion.	1
"Every year you people put wish list for budget, but govt do what they want to do. Expert should be practical enough to discuss only on viable option."	0
Binami next target !!! Best leader ever produced in chennai	1
If his going to resign are you going to sit on his place?	1
Expect to be able to give guidance for FY18 by next quarter: NASSCOM	0
Killing in the name of azaadi is naxalism .Done by card carrying communist party goon started by charu majumdar and kanu sanayal.Latter commited suicide like vermulla cause he cannot bear the gilt of being a failed mass murderer revolutionary.	1
Maria Martin those ban beef those states will become poison for u then where is secularism in Ur point then wt abt the state ANDHRA PRADESH who ban the beef and the thing is congress govt who ban beef in AP and cm is converted Christian like	1
I didnt sell my laptop I bought with the money which I saved to buy laptop	0
whoa ...salute sir what a strong message you have sent  to a terrorist sympathizers .... Digvijaya Singh	1
"He is just a famous outdated cricketer, not an opinion maker!"	1
Looks like an expert on democracy	1
"A song to dedicated to every girl in the country by Avahan- The Band http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kKL_v5Va68 An initiative by DFR: www.facebook.com/deathforrape  RAISE YOUR VOICES!"	0
"by posting this news, what value is added to resolve this loss of young lives?"	0
"RSS is the best thing that ever happened to INDIA, think about that. JAI HIND."	0
this is the hate creating policy of rss launh by bjp.shame on modi and rsjnaath singh	1
Jet airways and spice can we say it is bottomed out ?	0
"Markets will crash in November, wait to buy at lower levels"	0
She can be sold exclusively at a nearby florists shop 😂😂😂	0
"Indian Army trying to divert attention from Kashmir unrest... where they stop internet access,social media bane, violation of human rights , killing of innocent Kashmiries on daily basis....every Kashmiri stands against Indian aggression , but remember the struggle of self determination of Kashmirs will continue until their freedom...."	0
That's right the whole video was directed at Arvind Kejriwal!!	0
Dear News Channel please also show Who is Funding this ISIS SHITS.	0
Ambani enjoying ....people crying...down crude price but people not get benifit....	0
"Syed Wajid Ali Shah, you will not know its quite natural becoz u only know abt Kashmiri muslims. You don't know also about the Syrian muslims, the Baluch muslims, the Sind muslims and millions other muslims who are being killed by your own muslims either terrorists or by different tribal muslim fighter groups..."	0
"Safety officer should be hanged he is responsibility for their death  Of company not hire a safety personal than company owner and person responsible for signing lic should be charge  This is man slaughter a crime hinderous crime  Peoples come to work not to kill"	1
"If this many amounts are spent before starting Olympics , we may got two or more medals :-)"	0
How the Pakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation.	1
Mumbai Indians all the way!	0
Scripted and orchestrated by invisible hand of feku.	1
When Unemployment is at top then youths dont have any option to join MOBS and spread violence for few hundred rupees and this the achievement of this government.	0
"Expect to give projects for 15,000 kms by March end: Nitin Gadkari"	0
Who is this man by the way IE?	0
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
"Danish-  try to control and solve the source of these problems... Second thing cow may not be imp for u ppl, but its imp for majority of Indian."	0
What happened to to him he is looking weak depressed	1
As terrorist enter via jungle attack army and flew away to pak..same way pak has terrorist batallion named bat...who are known mutiliating body killing like a terrorist. Bat has jihadi people.	1
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
"Expert at making threats aren't you?  And your hate towards converts truly reveals your character, and the havoc people like you cause."	1
This is time invest in bank stock specially SBI & Icici?	0
"Beta u know, what is surgical strike?? Lol"	1
2 time national best actor and three time special jury award. You know what is the prob:these Bollywood fans are jealous of malayali perfection which they won't achieve in the near future	1
Exactly...Indian Express... Go to you tube and get the facts right..he just spoke like any Indian wud think...	1
"Court could hang him even in start , then how the world will know the real face of india . How you can tell the world indian govt is sponsoring terrorism in Pakistan."	1
You army entered like thief's in our territory.  Your army-men are cowards. India did surgical strikes and informed informed your army.	1
"Kanhai, and you posted a comment based on what research and information?"	0
"This person is jocker. Whatever says is always wrong. Please dont entertain such people, it is just unfortunate such white incompetant elephants decides future of India."	1
Because of leftists Goonda n Jehadist Scoundrels our Rich cultural heritage was not been shown on Silver screen up to that much leavel..Tks to this movie	0
I agree with all the arguments u made except for one. All are not supposed to wake up at the early morning azaan or bhajan. Some peeps have to go to sleep at 1-2 in the late night.	1
He said the truth.. he says against loud speaker thats it.. harsh cmnting and abusing him just proves the mean mentality of the individuals.. if one dont like his sayings just they can ignore other than insulting him this way..	1
"Why doesn't the govt invest some of this money in improvising training facilities in all sports? And all the money they are giving is the commoners money that we pay as tax! Shouldn't the Govt ask the people of the Nation before making this decision? What about the athletes who made to the finals n athletes who participated? Shouldn't they be encouraged too??? Injustice prevailed n still prevails!"	0
when is india cements results and what are the expectations	0
Its harsh truth that wherever terrorism is present unfortunately its muslim associated with it. Even a country which was made on basis on Islam is also not immune to Islamic terrorism.	1
"It is a fact, these cinema guys have glamourised  crime and criminals"	0
U still need to learn politics and its dirty drawback	1
Common first think congress has given rights to make black money since 60 years.. Modi is trying to get it back.. don't be foolish to support congress	1
Good morning to dear daughter of Vishu. ..proud of you	0
"He is a big bear...n always pessimistic. I remember his interview when nifty @7000 level that time he was saying that don't buy this time there is a room for correction...but I invest n made good return. He may be true 1 out of 10 time so it is good to ignore him. Always pessimistic n give diplomatic opinion. Mr Uddayan be black or be white don't remain grey."	1
"Kick Shiv Sena & BJP OUT from kerala before they create havoc,kochi Wake Up!!!"	1
"I have m&m buying cost 1225 , what to do"	0
u should also fewl pain when ur so Called​ soliders kills innocent people in kashmir	1
okay... then what about Hindus and Jews? Only because lots of Hindus and Jews voted Republican this time?!	1
People just ignore his Statement .. he's Mad	1
"Chinese media should rename themselves as advisors to the world. Ever since Modi has assumed office  China is feeling uneasy. Border roads, helipads and defence procurement nothing is going down  well with China. Objections or not India under Modi will continue yo strengthen our Forces."	0
My heart bleeds for the father and other family members of Saifullah- what wrong did they do to deserve such personal pain. The entire community it's leadership social and religious must introspect their acts of omission or commission that brought such sufferings to this honourable man.	1
april 1 ..no cheating ... congrats ..cnbc tv 18 through cnbc ..	0
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
"I think everything is plan by kejru only :) May be to divert public attention from something more fishy"	1
This country will run by constitution not by Veda or any religious book that our four father decided don't ruin diversity and pluralism of this country . For your kind information every one has  believes. Animal life is more important than human life ?	1
I am sure Mr Modi will feed lay the table #BEEF  #MOTTON  for him because he is arabic so he can ..but we can't	1
i think they have not decided - which is worse the song or the bike - let the audience decide	1
"Manmohan ji  U didn't speak ur words. U just spoke congress words"	1
This is true Indian culture movie. I saute u S. S. rajamauli. Bolywood movie stories only pyar pyar.......  Everyone tired. Again I salute you	0
If Manoj Tiwari did it intentionally then he is learning from kejri how to win Delhi elections 😂	1
Survey pe mat jao. Speed competion lagao. Survey ki ad to airtel b krra h :P	1
Yàar my ears r bleeding  stop this 😑 get the bike on stage	1
"Why we have to west time. Scrap LOC Ceasefire accord's 2014 NDA . Start surgical strike."	1
"friends we have to understand the ground reality, b'coz this will not turn-up in a day or two day protest, only parliament has right amend this procedure."	1
They made joke of governing a country .With planning like this u cannot run your home they r running a country.	0
"Don't buy the booth bike ,you to will become booth"	1
Not actually they r suffered we small businessman also in dis list no industry no infrastructure	1
"Care for cows, dogs n even cats but not humans who are not hindu. This mann ki baat wud ve been much more interesting if only animals followed religion too 🤣"	1
Can u pls give view on IRB infra for new series target	0
It's neither sikh nor Hindu..it's Indian who faces Pakistan..you bloddy coward	1
looks documentary news in nature ...orginaly produced in gujarat now travels all over  india	1
The harassment took place in the presence of policemen and mediapersons.	1
So wht u doing Mr owesisi...u have every righy to dicuss on full matter	0
Maneka Gandhi further said that the powerlessness of men also lead to violence against women	0
"Mean Pak Army Entered J&K Killed and mutilated Bodies, thats called Surgical strike."	1
SP is gud one hold it for tgt 730-740 SL 680	0
Great lady always wants to spend their time with kids and family not with puppies	1
He is master in computer language &tricks of hacking	1
This was so stupid 😏🙄	1
That's a slap on their unrelentless n unreliable service by these telecom majors... They have sucking the blood out of their customers..	1
Looks like he was In need of 15 days notice . 😜🙏😵	0
What about freedom of speech 😀	1
"MODI is M-- Man                 O-- Of                 D-- Developing                 I--  India"	1
No body supports JNU Najib's Mother that much than they support Nahid Afrin against Islam Sharia	1
Infosys is fairly valued...doesn't look like a good buy in short term	0
"3,373 villages electrified post PM's speech on Independence day in 2014!"	0
"When our elected legislators disobey laws, how will their followers act otherwise"	1
RBI policy not taken in the right spirit by Market ; right ?	0
All terrorists must be neutralized. This father has set a great example.	1
Modi will win bcoz no other leader can come half of near to him!!!	0
Yes still coma or in dream	1
"Look at his ugly beard with ugly dirty hindu mind,he must be hanged"	1
Why Muslim people don't like PM Modi. What's theirs problem?	1
"Pakistan is an associate country..Vl be vanished  in 40-50 yrs from now.. Already Gwador port on lease to China for 40 yrs..China slowly building Colony in Pakistan... Slow poison Vl vanish dem by Chinese.."	1
anna hazare is a hoe	0
Kamaraj Annadurai MGR  now JJ ; Tamilnadu wont see such procession now after.	0
"& nidhish nair, there are converts into nair fold around here also and you fit into that catagory because all the Nair's in my area are too fond of me and respect me highly and respect the world class religion I have adopted also . Sorry for you there are exemptions always"	1
Then start resolving Kashmir issue.	1
Buy JAYBARMARU (Nse code- 1708) @ 363 targets 410 within a month probably.	0
Let's see who will apologise... i wish it works but it will not... I can see the poorest implementation  in the whole process...	1
"Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity."	1
He is against of india	1
Y this idiot on rise wen MCD is bound to be expected in Delhi.. Political tactics of bjp and rss.. He is nothing but just a puppet of Bjp and rss..and what is his take on lok pal Bill wer is his commitment on it..budda badmash nikla..	1
"Sir suppose person don't have any bank account, than how he would deposit in bank?"	0
Simply sack KADI NINDA home minister. The most useless minister after Jaitley.	0
Eat less spicy Ur colon will thank u and Facebook posts also	1
"People like mohit,suhas don't want peace in valley or in india. You are such hatred dung are creating noise pollution in india"	1
These will happens for more IT cos.....many more awaiting.....but short term 2-3 quarters.... buy these IT heavy stock in every decline for longer term.....	0
What BJP did to you people. There are no suicide attacks after BJP  came in to power.	0
"I think sonu nigam has no basic sense. If he wrote about Azan he should also write about the inconvenience caused due to loud speakers Hindus put up for series of days and these loud speakers go on and on for days together. No celebrity of his stature should tweet like this. Some amount of inconvenience due to these small things Whether due to Muslim or Hindus should not be blown out of proportion"	1
u r a fake profile to spread hatred among us #gotohell	1
Let me see....How many MUSLIM men stand up for this Poor Lady ??	1
Sir is there any basis in the rumours Kotak merging with Axis	0
"This idiot was the major contributor of black money as slave prime minister of Sonia gandhi .  Now shedding crocodile tears .  Most useless ex prime minister of india ."	1
Is this what we call saffronising of India...	1
Nifty is down because unofficially India is in recession due to currency ban . December quarter earnings will be down due to this issue	1
This is utter nonsense a big compromise with the safety of passengers . Drivers must be punished .	1
"Admittedly,we stand guilty in not winning the hearts of the people of Kashmir and forcing them to believe that they are second rated Indians..Modi's policy to fear him has failed. Now is the time to win their hearts or push them to reaffirm what they think  about us"	0
BTW  thanks anuj for advice on building portfolio at 7950 nifty levels	0
"Try that, God will be defended at any cost like your jihadi forces."	0
Never saw a fools like Modi bhakts..... KV has said just one line against corruption and attached it to delhi govt (at the time when CVC himself said corruption decreases to 1/4th in delhi)..... and all bhakts are sharing this video.... and they forget that most of the lines KV said in this video is against the fake nationalism of Modi......and they themselves spreading this.....  KV again proves himself genius....	1
"We understand it's difficult to answer about every stock, why don't you give a overall view on the industry of that particular stock"	0
It's all hog wash rich are getting richer n poor are getting poorer and the middle class are hung	1
"Madam, what about parental failure to instil discipline while growing up ?"	0
We want strong action against Pakistan or resign of coward PM Modi & DM Arun Jately	1
"My review of Bahubali, a great Indian movie but still some distance from the best in the high fantasy genre.  http://shatadipmoviereviews.blogspot.in/2017/05/bahubali-2-conclusion-lives-up-to-hype.html?m=1"	0
"Idiot. Guards are separated by long distance. Pakistan has violated rules, unexpectedly killed our soldiers mutilated their bodies and then went back."	0
So that Modi doesnt have to campaign separately... Feku and his never ending gimmicks	1
2) Never give up..failures are normal...they help you to learn	0
"Had she been married to a service man, she wouldn't have given such a stupid statement. As they say, early marriage doesn't give you working brains."	1
"Boys and girls of INDIA ...leave this poor guy  alone..they have only one trait ""traitorship"" they are born of denial...so there is no need to be in communication with them..the world ignores them..they are isolated in SAARC..they are isolated..we all know animals know that a calamity is on its way to strike so they get very fizzy and lose consciousness and starts flappering  ..same is the case here.."	1
Revenue projections have to be owned by minister irrespective of projections that is given by industry. That is the only perspective. He should think of scenario building and contingencies in case projections. That is the business perspective. He has to get beyond of self glorification and just own up his budgets	0
What's the plan for new ways of working in hrd and what approach will he implement	1
@Ahamad shut ur polarizing mouth n speak on triple Talaq!!! Wen u talk on other external affairs then y dont u speak ur inner sin?? Beta Jab Anna ji ko bolre ho to soncho kitna tum honest ho??	1
questions for people with common sense from nilesh - Why isnt Anna asking BJP to implement Lok pal bill ? Why isnt he doing any fast to force Bjp to get back black money from swiss banks ? Anna did all the drama to remove congress but not to change the system.	1
"These sick minded people are just attention seekers, don't give such importance to these psychopaths. This kind of illness can't be cured. Just leave them as it is."	1
Indian coward army deserves it because this army of lady boy's army which kill innocent civilians in Kashmir so no sympathy no mercy because today's India is extremes wild dog of modis terrorist India.	1
He would be a lone boss with all the supporters shifts with kejriwal.	0
Sonia - Any suggestions on bankibg stocks considering increased bank deposits?	0
Garima Dubey  You are right. Such a silly girl thou.	1
Mistry's charges against the Tata Group are fanciful: Tata Counsel	0
Actions needed other than fooling this nation thru communal polarisation. .	0
Everyone has right to share their opinion.	1
Mockery of the prize and the emotions attached to the same!	1
He is ryt always playing woman card and blaming film industry and yet she is recognise as one of d best by all and gets to act in good movies under good banner....well to me she is not in league of Vidya Balan or Tabu as per her acting portrayal which i beleive these both r much bigger actress dan her and never saw them playing the woman card all along....if KJ has power then whats her problem anyways women empowerment doesnt mean women has to bash men for no reason just to make a point...	1
"Not every African is drug trafficker or criminal Not every indian is rapist ,not every Muslim is terrorist , there are good and bad people  in each community ,Its media propaganda to divide people and rule ,if we unite the elites and politicians will loose there ground,all this problem are not community problem"	1
"Only the misnisters and their kins will survive 90% of the poor and middle class will vanish.  Where is the money from high excise charged going, why cant the govt reduce their foreign trip expns and reduce excise . GET the balance sheet of last 5 years from the ministers who have grown over 100% return which NO business in the world gives"	1
Muslim have right for 4wifes and 40 children and triple tlaq and many of things first of all stop this nonsense things then u deserve for this reservation	1
"Politicians stop talking and bickering  Take some action show to prove your words spoken"	1
It's Majority vs Minority Game .... If u don't want game don't play ..As simple as that...	1
He should be transported to Afghanistan	1
"Very true Bachanu Yadav sir, our aim is to help bring in more awareness...:)"	0
Now come out with all excuses.	1
Voice should raise for EVM .	0
"Where is swiss bank money and u r thinking the whole country working peoples is criminal  Where r politions money"	1
check khaleej times website ...This news is false	1
"It wil be fun to watch , how both these parties will take support , If they would have contested together , Congrss and Ncp would have wiped out"	1
Once nifty break 9240 it will hit 10250-10520-11250 in next bigger rally till China Europe settle from its pain	0
Unions only want money for their members but what about work?	1
"This is @ $50 + per pod. In India, why don't they don't charge $75 per standard room? I ether pay that than $50 a day per pod. In the US, 3 star hotels range from $70-125. If you book it early or during promotion, you sometime can get it for $60 for double medium beds. Why is India so expensive and appear to have no land? Is it because it has a big population? I can see myself renting a pod in Japan or Hong Kong but not India."	0
"Khumtu Sanchong, do you live in moon? In India police do not work without media pressure. It is very good that the media has given wide publicity to this crime, and media pressure has forced the district administration to punish the warden."	1
You are wrong dear Indian express .......army morale all time high under Modi. ...	1
"As Mr. Gathkari has pointed out, BJP is the mothership of all types of criminals from thugs, mass murderers, cheats, fraudsters.."	1
"Respect, very sad that such kind of good leaders get less exposure in India like Democracy where Bhakts are praying Modi and Shah like goons"	1
Should be buying in wockhard from this level due to usfda issues??	0
"Why he is scolding her who gives right to MLA to shout like this on SP of city....she was only doing her duty according to law...if there is something legal according to law then it's police duty to stop that ""dharna"" police don't work according to public sentiment it work only according to law. If this MLA is really worried about liquor then why ruling party is not putting ban on liquor?"	1
"#ENTERTAINMENT | After #NiaSharma was slut-shamed for posting a music video, the actor had the perfect response: she posted a second video!"	1
Pls correct the spell of Punjab	0
"The BIGGIES and their first 3 days...#Sultan 105.53 cr [Wednesday release]#Dangal 107.01 cr#Baahubali2 128 cr [Hindi] India biz  — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) May 1, 2017"	0
This happened as a reaction when quran is safer than human being.	0
Aabharan Hemanth this is why rafales and surya kiran's were simply taking off :p	0
Really sh.Manmohansinghji completed his tenure in very tuff conditions.His politeness is touching.	0
I think She is Teaching the Techniques of  Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan.	0
I.also like ur mom and sister . What about that?	0
"Let us call a spade a spade Anna ji. You will go down in history as the person who ushered an era of Anarchy in the country. Atleast one generation will pay the price for having supported your so called followers. Harsh words, i am afraid, but true. Truth hurts, doesn't it?"	1
"If you are born RSS / BJP and your LOKPAL tool helped them to come to power, where is the  question of you joining AAP,  must be kidding ANNA 😅😅😅😅"	1
Politicians made india worst plce to live.all those illetrate and old retard fucks need to be kicked out of the higher politics	1
The fact is Indian govt can print 300 crores per day if they print in all available printing presses...	1
This shows wat respect indian muslims have in india...	1
"Villagers are not much corruption at this point, transactions and spending are less than 10k per month so currency is ok for villagers"	1
"Muslims respect other religion🤔 Joke of the day......"	1
"One of worst CM .... always sleeping.... when he opened his mouth only Dalit , Muslim wards came ... ch***ya ...no value Hindu people in Karnataka....he using low cast people as vote bank ....10 RSS & 5 BJP karykarta dead till now ... 😡😡😡 After Jammu, WB , Kerala.... Karnataka is the most affected jihadi activities"	1
It will be in direct war with China .The World has one problem and that is China	0
"Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 Gold will rally to $1500 -$1700 on back of Trump election"	0
"#ExpressFrontPage The first such criminal prosecution has been filed against Mukesh Ruia, promoter of the listed Shekhawati Poly-Yarn Ltd on February 28."	0
I understand such concept in airport where your transit time is  max 5 hours and u need to talke a quick nap while charging your phone. For an entire day staying in that pod gosh that will make people sick....	0
My assumption is there is breakdown and i feel we might see February levels. considering FII out flows and demonetization. What is your view?	0
If planned rioters can be CMs & PMs than an MP who has just slapped must not be an issue. The society gets leaders which it deserves. #HinduTaliban	1
I have 1100 motilal oswal @508 give me long-term View	0
You are also a  lier like other politicians.  You by your deeds we consider you as hypocrist.	1
What does he has other than skilled way of talking	1
If this all is done just to defame aap then they ppl have actually crossed all limits of diginity to obtain power.	1
In 2022 Modi was Normal citizen like you and me! Why he thinking tooo much !!!	1
"Well that no. will not be shared, because news channels didn't get paid to show that."	0
Will US elections have any major effect on Indian Markets?	0
The complete squads of the teams that already announced their shortlists for the tournament in England and Wales	0
"Maria Sharapova, former number one, will mark her return after a 15-month doping ban and will face Roberta Vinci."	0
Please I need ur email id to coMplain Piyush ji	0
"With the Premier League in the bag, Antonio Conte has now won the league title in his last four seasons as a club manager."	0
Big lead for BJP in Uttar Pradesh in early counting	0
Haha are you the chairman of the upsc civil service examination board???  How do you say that she is not fit to be the ips?	1
"What we can except from such type of Govt.? Making fulĺ to public , diversifying people mind from current issue. Great logic with great people"	0
"Bro u cannot relate radical with Islam, he should have said that he will clean all the terrorists from the world, then that would be better speech and acceptable to every one."	1
"Please tell about  Carbodrum universal Intellect design arena Jp assc Either one please suggest"	0
After birth Baptism to become Christian Sunta to become Muslim BUT every child is born HINDU	1
"Are there Hindus and their temples still in Kashmir?  But I am against all loudspeakers in all temples, mosques and churches and all religious institutions."	1
"In my opinion, barkha dutt seems to be the biggest anti national ... beacause these type of people get sympathy by the help of media ... and she also belongs to media ... and barkha dutt type people do such things in the veil of such corrupt politicians ... and save the terrorists by saying that terrorism doesn't belong to any religion ..."	1
When people like you speak about economics it makes me laugh	1
they r not activist or student they r agents of foreign funded ngos... who need to put in jail under NSA....	1
You of course! You are the most intelligent and best informed in all administrative matters! It's because of fools like you that naxals and stone pelters are active.	1
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	0
It is not improper implementation.... this move was perfectly timed	0
Seriously Anna Hazare should introspect before making such statements!!!	1
Hehe that was just banter dude😉 u r as much indian as i am.	0
He is bought up by bjp	1
It was a poor one Viru.. It wasn't a Morgan-joke.!	1
hope the shame less Nautanki lal resigns and leaves Delhi for Varanasi.	1
"For tyre stocks,incase anti dumping duty does not come...will it see heavy correction ...or rubber prices correcting will set off"	0
Guess who is the new entrant on top 10 celeb tax payer list?	0
Why they r standing in a line... use e wallet	0
"Happy independence day to all beloved nation of India With love from Kabul Afghanistan"	0
"I think rather than religion it's matter of citizen rights and law and order. In 2005, Supreme Court issued guidelines to turn off loudspeakers between 10pm-6am in residential areas. It did not ask for stop the programs, just don’t use the loudspeakers in that period. It was mainly for the sleep and resy – especially for old, sick and children. It should apply to NavRatri, Diwali, Marriage, temples; and don’t see a reason why it should not apply to mosques."	1
May be fear of called ANTI NATIONAL	1
Respect is mutual...It won't come from one side or through appeasement	1
Never think experience can do everything good to the country.. his will makes us great	0
Why so much importance to S Kunder. Who is She/He?	0
"In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage. Lakh di lanat...hahahahah"	0
Good news & blessings with her from citizen and God	0
"Prabhu also laid the foundation stone for mechanised laundry at Visakhapatnam, which he said will significantly improve the quality of linen provided on the trains and would lead to enhanced passenger satisfaction."	0
"Hi Anuj Sonia ... I'm supporting the demonetization but don't understand the print of rs.2k notes as the govt aim is make the India digital one,please clarify the confusion..."	0
I think it's not a big issue. The authorities should regulate the sound of loudspeakers whether its used for Azan or Keertan. There must be a maximum limit. It should not be too loud.	1
"Nepotism is there in every field. Stop playing the victim card. And more so in a creative field like this, one can only get a push at the beginning, rest it depends upon the talent. So, in a way nepotism is less as compared to other professions."	1
"I understand the willful desire of many but the thing is still PM is working day in & out let him do his work, Results can be a mark of evaluation of 5 or 10 years but guys results are shown & stats doesnt lies, Tax impose & Revenue Sector is establishing the economy I think we should be positive for future....."	0
"INDIAN EXPRESS , PL SAID THE POSITION OF YOUR FRIEND CONGRESS ALSO, AND YOUR COMMENTS ARE AGAINST BJP  AND SS GET THE MAJORITY IN BMC....?????"	1
It was bound to happen . ... what chances did pak have in intellect with India . .... a country who compares Indian mars mission with their low quality missile test ... how can one think that they can even compete with India who is not just a super power in technology but also has a  soft power skills .......	1
Why is the inflation on numbers given by government is unrealistic when compared to the actual prices of commodities in the retail market. Is the government bluffing too much to hype economic progress to attract investment ?	0
"Shame on media, to project this video anti-AAP. Though he is teaching each party a lesson."	1
People struggled for over 200 years to get freedom from British. Can't we struggle 2months for th good of our country?	1
Mistry has to substantiate wrong doing by Tata Sons: Tata Counsel	0
Yes dear you right but some people want to do some new even they have dont any limit and sonu nigham is those people ..	1
"😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 No one is fighting here. All we can do is express our opinion in a constructive manner. It's the fault of the opposition if they can't see reason even if there's concrete evidence. Hoping won't change anything. Accepting reality and using that to change is the best course of action. Pining on hope brings a whole lot of nothing."	0
"You cannot get straight back unless you fall off a horse,"	0
Pinto Philip Babu Please give the stastics if you have .That will prove the lie that the comrades have not indulged in any killing.	0
It was also 18INR in 2008 then you can even buy flat in south mumbai.. :)	0
"When BJP is in beep trouble, Anna come for help..........."	1
It is a good gesture for rewarding to the individual who have made us glorious but at the same time to improve the fate of Indian sports in the international arena some generosity is also needed to improve the infrastructure to facilitate many such talents.	0
It's not a cultural festival...CPI (M) people held the beef fest in protest...the point is since when did people in Kerala start talking in such communal terms ....the BJP is trying very hard to get a foothold in Kerala and what better instrument than inciting communal violence in the name of cow and beef as they are doing in north India	1
Manchester United travel to champions Leicester City who are 16th in the table and two places above the relegation zone.	0
Good work by u sir intentions are great but try to provide cash in industrial sector otherwise there will be mass unemployment. Moreover tax system must be simplified.	1
Let's use our natural resources and coal to produce electricity	0
CBI chief... why not Home Minister...😜 but let him come to India first... 😂	1
128 in 20 overs ... Runrate around 6.5 ...KKR was always going to win it...Plus 48 in 6 overs is like chasing a target of 160...	0
sc st bc mbc Muslims expect this best solution. but i don't know fc support this	1
And should clean bjp out of govt too😂	1
We want a revenge on Pakistan....Take it serious government #defenceminister #PMO OF INDIA	0
Why wipro is at 52 weeks low can we see any upmove...	0
There is a big issue regarding the grading system where students who dont even know the subject top that subject in places like bihar. So my question is how will you tackle issues like these?	0
All members will give a vote of thanks to Shri Rahul Gandhi & Priyanka Gandhi for their sincere efforts during 2017 UP election polls.	1
"but u created him & u must take responsibility like a true gandhian.. i have gr8 respect 4 u, u had awake people on corruption & now after blaming kejri u proved that u r not associate with any party...."	0
Guess other avenues in world are dampening which is driving India market. But again can't see any intrinsic triggers	0
"And there was a time when we had Congress both at the state and at the centre, 15 years in Assam and 10 years at the centre, and most importantly a PM nominated from Assam!"	0
Pagariya Auto pvt Ltd is truly on progress in all Maharashtra	0
Sir you have open the doors of competition in the telecom market... Good bless you..	0
Is D-Mart a good IPO ? Is it fairly valued?	0
What about the block money with big people viz MPs beurocrats industrialists modiji	1
The Delhi Police had issued a notice to the students and asked them to appear before it for a lie-detector test.	1
"wat a shameful performance!! this team didn,t even looked like world no 1. it looked like kohli was afraid of the australians while he was batting."	1
wockph arma is not looking in good condition....you can sell its future....and wait	0
Rohan Vaidya it's not so corruption is not happening in Modi Raj. It's paid media which is being used to divert your attention. Moreover all investigation agencies are now under control of Modi and could not dare to expose him.	1
"Right step taken against the bad activities going in UP........  Now time to change"	0
Forget about religion and tell if anyone take such strong decisions in favour of country?	1
"I don't why Indian media always want Indians always barking on us  So don't stop Indians keep barking on us"	1
Burning things which u own is ur right ....whether u burn or use no one has the right to tell u ....	0
Will we see a day when there will be no private vehicles and only public transportation for the rich and the poor?	0
"Well, some of them can easily apply to men as well. :P"	0
"Bollywood Female Actor Kajol Enjoying Beef with her friends. Is she anti national now? http://dnai.in/erk3 Watch this Video. NDTV"	1
best slavery practised is word poverty ..word created to make you lazy and underpowered	1
Hope people of my country understand his vision for our motherland India. We support you sir.👍	0
"6 months ago Kallu mama(Amit Shah) said after surgical strike, Pakistan will dare to attack India & it is the end of Pak's cross border terror. Today here we stand, 2016 witnessed highest number of soldiers martyr  and its continuing in 2017. Wasn't SurgicalStrike a paid media hype & BJP's Propaganda ?"	1
Hi should be renamed as sirish bunder	0
God bless everyone. I'm not a Hindu but still I can't eat beef. When will this forced religiousness end in India.	1
Why do we have to be anti Semitic for stating facts. Those murderous Jews stole the land they're occupying today!	1
data centres and the protectionism?? completely irrelevant solution for a relevant question	0
This is a return gift from a Pakistan for the priceless gift that it denied. Maybe it's time Pakistan be invaded by China	0
And they say muslims women are kept at highest regard.	1
"Well done Congress!! Yeddy still uses Reddy money to win,some idiots never learn."	1
View on L&T. in Budget any relief for Infra? help to L&T?	0
U r a RSS agent already	1
I have tremendous respect for the Indian IT industry: Mukesh Ambani	0
"& What about 2002 Gujarat State terrorism ???? Which one is the best example of #Bhagwa terrorism."	1
Market  going to blast on 13th 14th  March.. .stay away from short..	0
"Chatterjee, keep out of this."	1
"Sir, You are soo inspirational for our students.... I am proud do be an INDIAN. 🙏"	0
Anuj plz suggest Can bank nifty increase more in coming days	0
A prominent lawyer does not have the capability to become the Finance Minister of India.	0
Nothing wrong in sinus tweet	1
"I'm not Pakistani. There is no scientific documents to support your claims with cousins marriage. While there are community among Hindus who have marriage with mama(maternal uncle) which is direct bloodline with mother and is regarded as incest.  Cousin on other hand have different bloodline as their fathers are different. Let's not play holy.  Btw, you have deviated from the topic!"	1
Don't  do politics we want not adequate  action not debate.	0
What happened to sony wlakmen still in sales - ...is that indian manufacturing is a open defaecation system with out recycling facility ....anwer me ....from munna bhai	1
Those secular ppl who say wht abt loud speakerw in ganesh and nav ratri ....they just come once a year but this morning sounds come daily....	1
Riya Biswas better to face world with your real identity. Why to hide behind a hindu name? When you belong to peacefull religion. Are you feeling ashamed of yourself or peacefull religion?	1
what abt IT sector. Is the down over.. which stocks to pick	0
As much I know ...Onam and  vishu are the only 2 cultural festival of kerala....and none eat beef...not even fish or chicken or any other non veg items	0
"Talking of development, have u heard of the Human Development Index (HDI). An composite index indicating general quality of life. Guess what West Bengal which as per u is doomed, has score of 0.509 vis-a-vis the Gujarat, the cradle of Narendra Modi's development model, which scores 0.527. Now compare that to Indian avg. of 0.624."	0
solar  powered cooking reduces cooking gas -reduces L.P.G demand	0
"Well in return Indian army can kill few paki soldiers no big deal, but are we looking for some solution to end this or such skirmishes will go on for next 50-100 years, being a more progressive and developing nation it's India's responsibility to find an alternative."	0
your job is to kills innocent kashmiris	1
Now this is really bad.... on one hand govt giving incentive to go digital...on other hand charging for going digital.	0
GST Council has granted its formal approval to all 5 GST laws: FM	0
"hey reporter, plz ask him a question on behalf of me that has he forgot about Lokpal Act ?"	1
India Need Strong Defense Minister and Home Minister. Currently both are useless.	1
Russia has denied that the Syrian regime conducted a chemical attack.	0
Tesla market cap more than FORD &GM is it threat to Indian car maker also?	0
Naidu also claimed the BJP government is moving forward with a holistic approach where citizens are also being involved in initiatives aimed at their betterment.	1
"He is absolutely right .. I salute him..  People are afraid to speak against these mad guys... The loudspeakers on the mosques have become a real nuisance..  When will these idiots understand..."	1
I luv puppies and its very difficult to leave them and go to work too...😊😊😊	1
Watching feom dubai..BJP van lead 1.25 billion then we can rule d world	1
Sehwag your comments made  no  sense  at all.   You should  not have made the stupid comparison.  There is a big difference cricketer  and a martyr .	1
Previous govt did only passing bills and giving out take loan from outside and keep adding new things	1
"What else can you expect from criminal RSS,BJP, leaders in power."	1
"In the era where it is hard to find any difference between  girl and btiches ,,here comes a real women MEERA SINGH RAJPUT  SALUTE TO YOU LADY."	1
Which Muslim person installed Hindus god in their house.U are in habit of seeing congress and all others who believed in appeasement of ur community.SHAMEFUL	1
Star cast....no work to show	1
Hahaha... They are not being given full powers in Kashmir. Kashmiri youth kill them & they don't have orders to shoot not even to save their lives.	1
The guy who made  obscene comments is mentally ok . Is it? Sounds so funny ......	1
Emotional blackmail no substantial evidence. What India loosing now never lost. U silent on BjP leader's hoarding black money	1
So much cash even after demonitisation...he must have received his salary in cash from army...45 rifles....has links with some naxalite group...or it will be proved as craze to have 45 rifles	1
Why does he remind me of Steve Jobs everytime I see him? 😯	0
Why Indian express keeping silence on bjp incredible win?	1
U nt wat u are hv shame	1
this news gives future for cnbc tv 18 and the eminent pepper mint  -Behind the scenes	0
Y it was not an immediate step rather than an informed step..	1
"George-  you should not expect better English from a brain washed from Nagpur. People like Abhay donot remember that follower of RSS/Bang Dal donot hesitate to cut the womb of mother and throw the fetus in fire. These MCs can gang rape a pregnant woman kill her baby and Eleven member of the family. They are worst creature on the earth."	1
"I Collected All U Three Dude I Didn't pointed You Only."	1
"Pakistan Army did not commit any ceasefire violation on line of control or a BAT action in Buttal sector (  Indian Krishna Ghatti Sector )as alleged by India. Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are also false.  Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian.(ISPR)"	0
"Also , mob violence has happened many parts of India even on bike stealers. So change ur biased mind."	1
"We must expose the rapists and come to know their religion, caste, education, family values and level of barbarism!  BJP can't change degenerate nasal...once we come to know which segment produces these barbarians, we can monitor criminal activities better!  It might be that people are deliberately causing havoc in BJP ruled states for their delusional religion!"	1
Ya we need to come out from religious thought and think about imposed things which are not either for environment and nor for the human kind...social and religious reform is necessary...	1
"WHAT IS THE AMOUNT  INVOLVED? IF IT IS ONE LAKH OR SO EVEN NOW ONE CAN BUT IF IT IS 30,  40 lakhs or 30. 40 CRORES then why court even GOD CANNOT HELP YOU!  PLEASE TELL THE COURT WHICH POLITICAL PARTY LEADER GAVE YOU THIS HUGE CASH FOR STASHING in which case COURT MAY BALE YOU OUT!! HA HA HA!"	1
Porinju is saying e governance companies are inflection point any idea about the same ?	0
"First American hate him now American  love him, he know how to make tomorrow better.  Who hate him today will fellow him in coming day's."	1
"This is called "" The Beauty and the Beast "". Kudos TATA. Proud to have in India."	0
gur meher kaur where r u????? can u tell me who killed our 2 jawans now?????? pakistanis or their guns?????	1
"Tamil nadu has not voted to bjp,  hence modi has decided  not to put one governor  who is been visiting guest how he will understand the people expectation , every body punishing the common man"	1
In other words they are unable to compete with Amazon.!	0
Training gives officers the ability to handle situations without emotional bias it doesn't make you emotionally invincible...  With all due respect to your opinion sir I understand where you're coming from but I think the men and women in uniform need to be seen as human as anybody for the peaceful functioning of society...	1
Wait India will behead 20 Porkis pigs 🐷 head silently 😂👋	0
13th meeting of GST Council to be held on March 31: FM	0
Its not good signs....Webcast crashed...CNBC tvs 18 webcast playing like cat and mouse...awefull songs	0
"If he is not a a brainless person he should demand ban on loudspeakers at all. Then, whether it is for a leader, preacher, a singer or religious place."	1
Because he is rss guy	1
"Gambhir uvi sehvag, rohit is better than anjikya , dhawan ,lokesh , pujara .jadav seems to be potential player now a days. Respect everyone no body knows the game of god ,how he plays ."	1
If India can't retaliate then atleast a separate MOS of Defence for #KadiNinda shud b appointed.	1
copying American hahahaha...RAPEISTAN is still not on that level.stop dreaming TIOLETISTAN	1
"What's d point shut off fuel on Sunday then,, if companies would provide home delivery. Everyone should understand why this decision is being made. Save fuel, save earth, less pollution Atlest a day in week."	0
"how many of you guys know that all internal war Syria is facing was started from Alleppo university and university of Damascus..., if you don't then Google it.....l think we should stop this type of cancer from spreading in our country."	1
Stricken the law and improve the life standards for common man	1
"Reservation a problem!!! I agree education is compulsory to all..but give them a separate college..and let them enter the mainstream colleges with their own abilities..not by reservation! I didn't mean to separate them from us---JUST WANTED TO BE CLEAR!!"	1
Delhi: Car Catches Fire Near Rithala Metro Station	0
subrat dash how are you. U loyal n street dog	1
Useless deals.....but it encourages the e-commerce industry	1
Sad to see our people die..... But even sadder to see the media coming to conclusion without knowing what has actually happened.... Putting salt on wounds and make them burn.... Its not so easy to enter loc and kill someone sensibly... And that also Indian side... Its impossible	1
Once again bjp has installed its puppet drive in the economy for the capitalists	0
If it is true than why media not showing the mutilated bodies it is my ? from INDIA TV. Dont make peoples polish and  dont creat problem for your country INDIA.Because if India showing response of attack than the same  response will be from pakistan side which we seen in normal on borders  of both sides but only local people are affected  not army so try to understand this is because of you (media) whole environment is disturb.	1
Immediately clise all RSS/ BJP offices across WB... then throught India	1
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
Please remove this news post..its really hurting many people in TN.	0
Oh really. A great news. Peeps listen AAP receive hawala money😅😅	0
Let's ban movies now :P	1
"Opportunity is knocking the door for them Kashmiri. They need dual protection from terrorists inside and outside. Difficult for Army to carry on with biz of returning normalcy to the valley. Sleepers do pose a threat and until their manipulations are curtailed and deterred, the threat will always loom large."	0
And you are selling it to foreigners..	1
what a shame.. bajaj's own link is'nt even able to stream this launch..   http://www.bajajauto.com/BajajDominar/Dominar400/index.html	1
Ms Mira says it is her choice to stay at home and she will do it.Tomm if shahid decides that even he wants to stay at home and be a home maker husband and take care of Misha then how to decide who will be the bread earner???......and what to give her a celebrity status and ask her views?..what is.her achievement till date?...her only master stroke in life is to find a high earning husband.....	1
Wat   plaease  take  action      s   ir modi	1
"This is not some mullah nation to jail people for getting seperated. If you want a divorce, man up like every one else, go through the courts, go through counseling, commit to alimony and child support. This is not 7th century."	1
"you already got a reserve country in 1947, you already got 100% reservation there and our constitution dont allow reservation on religious groound. dont worry SC will quash this law. If you have any problem then you can leave india as soon as possible."	1
"🐰 Bot💔 Powered💻 By😺 Rbn8-| Ramgarhia  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 ABP News♥ Ana Usama Bot ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥 Comment Late  29 minute :D 46 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Rbn Ramgarhia  🏯 ❌ SITE: UnlimitedBot.Cf ❌"	0
"so lets analyse na the political parties   1) Unlike The reds (Comrades) BJP doesnt have bizzare economic policy 2) Unlike the Congress they dont sell the country  3) Unlike 3rd Front they dont have instability   Sir jee i dont say BJP is corruption free, there might be corrupt leaders BUT atleast  our Top leaders are corruption free   If u have any good ideas start a Polictical party ill be the first one to vote for u (Y)"	1
D Raja has written it. We can ignore the article	1
When is the network of jio going to be usable? You can charge but let it be at least usable...	0
"Need Nilesh Bhai Comments on Glaxosmith Consumer, GSFC and Capri Global. Comments on the Management of Capri Global, GSFC, Glaxosmith"	0
Do some introspect and visit some of the BJP IT cells..	0
It's never too late....Congress plz learn from modiji how to lead the nation...u r always complaining....atleast he is working allow him to work.	0
The biggest goonda in politics.. the most cunning politician	1
"Such a sold out media, the video was about the 5000 year glorious country we should protect.and here only focus is on half a sentence inside a 13 min video."	1
They will now transform into the bike... I just know it... Human transformers!	1
Who can question someone who is quite N does nothing except being a puppet.	1
Akshay Kumar also posted a video of his daughter feeding milk to stray cats.......  Sir 'chamcha' give some pennies to street children  that they cud feed their stomach	1
A very very wrong decision by govt	1
"Modi did good, to control back market, plan was not well executed. Middle class has to suffer a lot."	0
"Brother you are Muslim and We Pakistani are Muslims. Get unite brother. These Hindus are not to be trusted they can never be  friends of Muslims!!! They are ally's of Israel and they are playing the policy of divide n destroy. There target is not Pakistan,Afghanistan,Saudi Arabia....   there target is Muslim Ummah."	1
I am waiting the time when shree modi will shut the mouth of all bludy opponents.	1
"""The police, however, said they would act if they received a complaint. ""The matter is not in our knowledge yet. If we receive a complaint, we will investigate the matter and act swiftly,"" said Meerut's SP (city) Om Prakash."" - Someone needs to get a FIR filed!"	1
Very shocking news. This is lesson to all Top CEOs-  do progressive work or get out.	0
"Sai Baba Dude, it is the truth. If you can't acknowledge and understand. Please try to think about it. you'll get it"	1
After so many years we feel now we are majority in india. Thanks to modi govt.	1
How is HP Electric Power ipo ..Will it give good retuen ..Want to know ur views	0
I DISAGREE WITH HIM !NO ONE HAD PROBLEM WITH AZAAN EXCEPT THIS FELLOW..	1
God has more creative things to do than a negative one which make  people suffer. Modi is perhaps incarnation of evil on earth with Amit shah as aide.	1
its betar u became a yogi and compare urself	1
"Secularism has looted India from 60 years  Let's have taste of Hinduism for few years"	1
Also ask it how mature is AI for adoption ?	0
"Sony bhai , your kind off people lives in cuckoos land"	1
"This is the limit of barbarism. Why the hell Indian Govt. is not shunning off the Indus Water Treaty.! Why we are not taking any immediate strict action against these goons ! Pathetic it is"	0
I am not against BJP but now where is that people who were saying terrorist activities will reduced after Demonitisation? ? So please don't be on path of Congress....	1
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media	0
"Kind , honourable minister ,helps large heartedly to the needy People."	0
Don't propagate hatred...crime has no religion...a number of great freedom fighters were Muslims...a majority of Muslims are peace loving....the Sufi saints are glittering gems of india	0
Preeti Rawat are you a reserved candidate 😂	1
Can axis. Will touch 400 and what about Tata motor	0
"Great PM Ji  We also need  1 Simple Taxation Laws 2 Full time Electricity  3 High Speed Internet  4 Honest Government & Bank officials"	1
Anna hazare is RSS agent and now giving suggestion to aap party	1
"Deepak Kumar Sharma Saab...chalo aap ki Ye baat ek baar mann li...Now whatever pm Saab has talked about in 2014...Kya kya Kia us main...He is just a campaigner of BJP nothing else,ek cheez bta do.... but he is implementing all the bills which he opposed before 2014.. Example- FDI,GST and list is long..."	0
"Is he worth being, A Clerk even"	1
no parking zone please ....where is the actual news blog ....blocked from viewing .....what is this govt of  india .....?	0
"Overaction.. Previously many sportspersons got medals.. Why such publicity to these guys..atleast give that,mny to poor people..or for soldiers who r fighting near borders for our safety"	0
"Endless Nonsense, how come they only realize that things were not all ok in whichever party they were when they get sacked.What were they doing all this while, if his conscience had bothered him so much, should have come clean earlier, not when you are shown the door, otherwise it simply seems like a matter of wanting to get even with your former boss...to sum it up Khisiyani billi khamba Nocha is the right word for people like these."	1
"Founders may be concerned about leadership of Infosys board, says Kiran Mazumdar Shaw. https://youtu.be/IhJTsAcv9-A"	0
where is the road ? ....finance minister is travelling on congress roads ? .....	1
This story is an example of yellow journalism.	1
Riya begum before opening your mouth about 2002 roits why you forget burning of Godhara train by your chuslim brothers. Anyway I'm proud of 2002 and should be repeated wherever hindus are tortured or killed.	1
This is exactly the problem. Overnight people have become all very aware and gives quick fix solutions to 70 year old problems without taking into consideration the brutality of their solutions on the civilians and the military alike! No wonder why Kashmir will remain a hotspot for years to come!!	1
everyone is finding the heat but for sure he will kill all the big fishes and feed the small one soon. We have taken the pain of congress rule for 60 yrs now i think we should give him a chance and support him so that we have a bright future.	1
Very  nice  but  difficult .. To find  with  merit ...	1
"Yes, India is crying for an Olympic medal . In fact, we have become undignified in the comity of sovereign nations. Priding ourselves as the largest   Democracy in the world. Soldier's is different one and genuine of course. Raise the issue separately. It will be like pulling each other's leg. If anyone jealous may become sportsman not soldier."	0
Appropriate response... appropriate to BJP bungling so on national security?	0
"Did he just called president Hillary Clinton   :P  whoever wins, God bless America :)"	1
"Good Cont...& Also middle & lower people wait for acche din,,,,please please"	1
I have 7 calls of 280ce icici bank Oct expiry please please comment @ 2 rs now 1.5	0
WHAT ELSE CAN A POOR CHAP DO? A HEN-CHICK DOES NOT HAVE ANY CHOICE IN FRONT OF A CAT BUT TO .. .	0
Are you really Muslim  ?	0
"Yes the government should try once they are sure of the success since the government has the entire nation at stake - blinds like you can never see that  Nobody is against the action but the process was ridiculous and unprepared"	0
"So what? , Media unnecessarily giving  attention, keeping important news at back end"	1
Jio very slow network ... Survey is wrong	1
"We in kerala do not have caste system like in the north and we all live in harmony be it Johny,Janardhana or Jafar!! Dont poison our state like UP Maharashtra etc!!"	1
Happy with the way the company has ended the year: TCS	0
CPIM. The party which has given birth to industrial revolution in India	0
Kagji hero and he will be zero. Why Kumar didn't fight election to know his status	1
This is a new low to stay in the public eye .. desperate measures to retrieve your dying career I guess	1
He is trying desperately to come back into the limelight. Shud return back to his village n relax.	0
"In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  #surgicalstrike 😏"	1
"Willing to form a group to eliminate political view which believe in and are in favour of anti indian activities. Mahakal will guide me, I believe."	0
Iam baloch balochistan is our province u no need to talk about our province	0
should not be done.....its not human act......if such continues Pakistan will be like india for minorities......hope Pakistan govt should take care of their minorities  unlike our cow vigilante's govt who only cares for minority women but make cm who speaks to rape them taking up from grave...........	1
This man has lost his mental balance. Needs proper treatment	1
"Vishnu Sreevalsan on this mother's day you can greet them. ""Hope your mummy stays yummy this mother's day."""	1
What   a shame for us.Even the  doctors  can see a patient is poor but still they dont even bother to do the treatment . Shame on their actions and their education is useless if they can not treat the poor person with love and care without money.Lots of disparity between rich and poor in our country.People forget that every one will die one day so just think about your actions and karma.	1
"Yeah if thats the case I wonder why he did not visit you guys lol, oh yeah its a banana republic"	0
She's all of 24 or something. It's fine ya ☺️	1
Fully accepted and deserve appreciation for ur worthy lines...	0
We are the doorstep of the 4th Industrial revolution: Mukesh Ambani	0
Sir you are a good pm and will always be but when somebody asks me are your problems solved after 2014 I don't have satisfactory answer to that I hope your step of demonitisation will give me a satisfactory answer not interested in blame games weather it is from you or opposition parties	1
"I will support 100%, dear cnbs present the news in a proper way, otherwise u will see the punch power of Sanskari indians"	1
Lol... they won because of money... #uneducated_people	1
"Viru this is like cricket u missed the line of the ball & it bowled u.so before cmnt pl try to understand the remark in wider perspective , almost everybody wants peace not war & it should b avoided unless situation demands otherwise. Here u proved less maturity than 20 yr's old."	1
"#ENTERTAINMENT | Wish #AnnuKapoor with us, on his birthday!"	0
Is EVMs not tampered here? Rahul pl answer.	1
CONSUMPTION DEPENDS ON THE HUNGER AND FIRE....FROM PANI PURI TO BHEL PURI TO OM PURI  TO PURI JAGANATHAR TEMPLE ......	0
Plz share ur view on astec life??  Bought at 675	0
"BJP has made a very intelligent political move. Now they will be tagged as pure hindutva party,as they know that yogi being CM will promote hindutva and that's what they want. Bcoz they also know that whatsoever BJP will do,they will hardly get minority votes. So just to make there votebank more secure,YOGI YOGI...!!!"	0
Any idea abut e governance companies it seems at inflection point	0
hahahhaha...look who's talking about respect..what a man .....😂😂😂 nd i don't want to Judge u coz u r also show ur third mentality cheap people don't believe u r human being....	1
Rahul Bhaiya wonderful interview and good views on the entire situation	0
u should to kill innocent people thn BJP will say u r mentally fit	1
This video filmed in 2015. Who got it out? Who picked up just one placard out of many to make a huge issue out of it? Imagine if someone took out your daughters school project and twist and make it an issue?	1
I agree with you that there will be several people's sacrifice and hardworking behind a successful event being organised.It is really enriching our knowledge of how an event is being organised.	0
Pakistan can't and doesn't produce anything apart from Terrorist and Napunsak Armymen!	1
Let's switch to reliance? Linaila Dsouza Vigya Smriti Sruthi Thommen	0
Lol go & search abt Delhi Mumbai corridor.. cpec is nothing infrt it.. 😂😂 World want to join lol 😂😂😂😂😂	1
"uo always on ryt way virat,"	0
Prakash Diwan Comemnts on Container Corporation of India (CONCUR) on Logistic Stocks .. Please	0
"What would br targets and when it will reach for Havell, asian tiles, amaraja,DHFL?????"	0
is it the good time to buy JSW steels share ? short term basis	0
Don't this man knows English so that all can understand!!	1
sir bhakt r redy to join armed forces whnevr nation need dm	1
SSP Chawrasia with his view on Day 2 of the Indian Open at Gurgaon.	0
Kejri comes from the I.T. Department - one of the most corrupt dept in India - so Kejri is well versed in corruption.	1
india won the 4th test match at firozshah kotla... there are some reasons behind it... see the link.. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4oHNGt2iuQ	0
I guess I'm the only one not fooled by Jio	0
Anna hazare has been a RSS agent always...	1
"Aapiyo..... sorry to say but people are turning into bhakts.... Kumar vishwas is one of them.....“If after riding the plank of anti-corruption to form a government in Delhi, your own people indulge in corruption and if you(the leader) try to save them and issue no statements, people will question you,” he said in a veiled reference to Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal. Tum log EVM ko blame karte raho aur log Punjab, Goa, Rajouri Garden ki tarah har jagah tumhari bajayenge....!!!!"	1
ONLY 4 TIMES.....WE MEAN LIFETIME.......DEADLINE EXPIRES.....VERY EASILY ......IS IT A WELCOME OFFER....	0
How the Pakistani soldier mutilates an Indian BSF jawan? By entering in to loc? Don't make fool of your nation.	0
1.36L is going to b a good position compared to Bullet less than 400CC. Eicher motor gone case now.	0
"Well play ""intra day' . You will surely lose all your capital. Then watch her peacefully without blaming her."	1
Blame it on demonetization. Bajaj cannot show you the bike today guys!!!	1
Bhai did u see 2022. Not every politician is same.	1
We got govt happily to power...power corrupts man...modi killed whom got him to power !	0
What is the result of dialogue Congress had during last 60 years.	1
But sir now days property  maket  very slow	0
Its her choice... She s not destroying feminism... Feminists too love to take care of kids...	1
Modi ji I really respect u sir . But sir do a strong action against this piglet.	1
"Yech ....got half century  (51 votes only) at dmc results... He should remain satisfied"	0
If BJP wins UP he will go to NDA that will be the end of opposition.	1
"Sir ,u nailed it once again. Superb speech. Congress is unable to resist this earth quake ,you have created for them today."	0
Akshay Gupta :D :D .... Pulkit Jain Viraj Shah Deepanshu Anand Shilpa Agrawal Piyush Jain .... since we were talking about it earlier	0
Who is this Soni Chamcha of Sonia shut up your dirty mouth	1
The process for ramping down BS3 stock was underway: Pawan Goenka	0
Shares will not give that happiness which bullet will give !! Money cant buy everything.	0
"Really Is that obscene, I thought she was really the owner of the unsound mind next to only Owaisi."	1
"So, she means to say that the baby is like a puppy to the working parent. Who has to go to work. Isn't her husband a parent to her child too, or is she the only parent. Then according to her statement Shahid should also sit at home. Being a Homemaker is not an easy task. But, this is a very stupid statement."	1
free kashmir otherwise big surgical strike will b done by pak	1
Keep dreaming pranav daa .. it ain't happen with present regime..	1
"How to tell if someone's from IIT?  Wait for 5 minutes, they'll tell you xD."	1
He made similar comment on temples as well but its impartiality of The Indian Express it mention only the one that might suits thier agenda or something	1
containing inflation through high interest rates is negative economics. containing inflation through higher production of goods and services is positive economics.	0
Protecting Humans is Gods work...	0
"Totally cooked up story, only an insane will buy it."	0
You have allowed Malya who owes 9000 corers to banks to go out of country.	0
"He is jobless and need limelight  And I didn't understand why people calling him sir with a cheap mentality..."	1
"Modi Ji taking off against corruption, we are always with you Sir!!!"	1
Shameful event in TN history...No one can rescue us. RIP TN...	1
HDFC Bank has surged a lot... Is there more juice here?	0
He shows that if women are empowerd  they can change destiny of nation	0
This stupid man no one cares is desperately trying to get attention. His film makerd have lost their underpants. Bahubali has earned 200 crores in 2 days.	1
Communist got beaten by gangsters in Indonesia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky7Z4-UjaJI	0
Who is responsible for 104 people died in the Que	1
but hcl info tgt 76 till 1st week of jan	0
Some times he talks sensible too	0
I wish that I could have speak in English like you Mam....... :)	0
Here some sanghi undhbakt terrorist still doubts on this father and muslims these sanghi too need same boycott from there community	1
Could it be pimp Pappu Maharaj seeking to relieve his frustrations ?	1
This is Impression going out of India for the new Investor to NRI's and to foreign investor.	0
"Poor people and farmers are suffering big time and they are definitely not black money hoarders. Real black money hoarders are sitting  in your meeting,  listening and clapping. I visited India and went to Haryana and talked to the farmers. None of the farmers were happy about govt policies. Pls do something for farmers."	1
"Angry emoji on army post Really 🙅"	0
"Surgical Strike would be a better option as you already have ""successfully"" conducted that. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 But please this time with proofs as you know world doesn't believe on your fake claims."	1
David Clark  America has NO National Religion or Language. All EDUCATED Americans know this.	1
Will Consuming almonds and a glass of milk help improve memory power	0
@Rahul Jain Because of people like you Indians are called 'uncivilized'. Did you learn 'slangs' at your mother's womb? Can't you express yourself without such heinous words? Did Nitish Kumar say that he is painting BJP on wall/paper? Your being using slan	1
"And by the way name any Christian country which harms the animals?  What kinda retard logic you come up with ? We basically protect animals and birds cos it's all God's creation  It's our responsibility to protect them  And y'all people just play the hypocrisy  But in reality you guys won't even keep a cup of water outside the house so that atleast the birds can drink it"	1
"Enlish is NOT the official language of the United States, nor will it ever be. Puerto Ricans are Americans,.their first language is Spanish, and we have indigenous languages etc. The United States is NOT Israel. We have different laws and needs. We are certainly not a so-called ""Christian"" nation nor have we ever been. . You should read more."	0
Working aggressively on adding new terminals at existing airports: Jayant Sinha	0
"U r jealous with other singer dat doesnt make u sleep 😴  Go beg for some work u will find peaceful sleep n try not to creates riots by ur words u r known celebrity it doesn't make u to speak about any religion n dat jst for publicity u creep mind go n consult to psychiatrists n get ur treatment done"	1
"💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
News on yes bank cutting to half is true ? Is npa start to haunt yes bank ?	0
all Indian should now take promise-- Arabi Muslims should be finish until we do not speak any Muslims inside and outside india.	1
"Hello, what will be Sun pharma in short term and long term?"	0
Very soon they should have a race between dominar vs royal enfield	0
"At the time of prophet Muhammad there was no electricity.. so no loudspeaker.. Then why today"	1
I can bt wht abt people who dnt own a debit or credit card?	0
@Syed: Did Anna alone did all the drama? Was Kejrijoker not with Anna? So why doesn't Kejrijoker does what you want Anna to do as Kejrijoker is in power?	1
People needs some incubment  from younger  generation instead old ornamental spineless to  the coveted post.modi should show some body miracle  rather old practice.	1
"Every dip is opportunity for  all,PM taken excellent decision"	0
Will start offering tariff plans starting April 1: Mukesh Ambani	0
Indian secularism is green in  colour.........why?????   Think ....only 1 conclusion....vote bank politics.....	1
Why is judiciary in ur country??? Why courts??? If u ppl can kill anybody so easily....!!! Fake democracy fake constitution fake union of india !!	0
Good. Rather they should be treated as criminals.	1
"Understand that nothing is free, it is your tax money. If you are getting subsidy on something, you are getting a stick on other things."	0
"The RSS chief, who recently said that every person born in India is a Hindu, also said patriotism doesn’t have existence on own."	0
"Really bruh? Salty now, are we ? :P I  said nothing of that sort .. :\"	0
the goal was black money.... Need 30 days.   Changed to 50 now need more time.  Why till date he is moan. Silent on the deths of poor and innocent Indians in bank lines.  Shame no one is talking of justice for more than 80 deaths.	1
The continuous hate and murder in Kerala by Red Brigade don't have to teach secularism to nation .	1
"ROFL!! Black Money on my name ?? Dude!! I'm a student from middle class family where my family is govt. primary school teacher! If you don't understand my statement, I can explain you.. Modi curbed existing Black Money!! But, It is not a great step to stop new black money creation!! Instead of 500s and 1000s, people will use 2000s to pay brides at govt. offices like RTO office,etc.,"	1
egg or chicken -finally the product  is from poultry...	0
Can we accept next Thursday to be good for bulls ?  After two days of NSE close.	0
Those who were crying of jungle raaj are now blaming the police officers who are  acting against them.... Current situation is a real jungle raaj...	1
This guy is 100 times better than udayan..watched Cnbc after a long gap	0
"Thank you Anna for not joining AAP, Otherwise AAP may vanish early..!"	1
"🐔 Bot💕 Powered👵 By🍸 Prince😒 Shah☕ Nazar☔ II  🏨 Comment block Poke Me 😽 Indian Express ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Sunday : 30 - April - 2017 🏨  Add Close Me♥ Indian Express 🏥  Comment Late  40 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Prince Shah Nazar II  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡"	0
Hey Modi stooge you cannot handle the orderly crisis what will you handle terrorists ???	1
It took years to understand this basic point... Airtel is a reactive company rather than being Innovative......	1
At the end the bike will fall from the sky!! oh god!! this is too much	1
It's possible to make very soon..it will take 4 to 6 decade...because government of India support ur state lots..and ur thoughts well technology..	0
"Mr foreigner - who are indulge in illegal slautering, who are selling these innocent animals in black market? Some Ppl thinks illegal business is their birth right and if some1 try to stop than ppl like u cry here."	1
Can American Natives work with the environment and pay as compare to their Indian or foreign counterpart?	0
Today if you want publicity and media attention just abuse and threat OTHERS religion that definitely bring you media attention.	1
Meanwhile Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi introduces Cow Ambulance :(	1
Demonitization will b successful only wen we get rid of pollution.. Traffic.. Only wen we have good roads..transportation and infrastructure..real estate bubble shud burst...aftr payin so much tax..  A common man expects atleast this much..	1
Kashmir is muslims country that doesnt mean we thrash non muslms	1
Sun pharma  despite  of good results  and buying  upgrade by a number brokerage  house the stock has fallen 7 percent  ???	0
"This should have been announced well in advance What about people who worked hard on weekdays and waited for Saturday to exchange their notes"	1
Ghost chatting Geetha .Really its very funny	0
I am really dumbfounded at the bias of this political commentary that seeks to hijack the credit from a splendid performance of one party to be placed it with a mediocre one.	1
You dnt wry abt us we knw whom to accept as hero i.e.jadhav nd zero i.e.porkistan...nd if uh ppl hav brain use it which spy bring hiz real passport nd identity card  carry with himself???poor nd uneducated fellow u all are..	1
Your views on HCC. I have 3500 shares at 40/-	0
Has BJP MLA lisence to do any thing.There should be an independent enquiry to find the facts and the defaulter should be reprimanded.	1
If the fight against corruption and black money is so serious why are political parties exempt from Income Tax scrutiny for deposit of old currency in its account????	1
The punishment for all sins should be like in dubs and america then the crimes will stop in my INDIA	1
And also they were from JNU shits	1
"81 seats for BJP HISTORIC performance & 4 others also supporting means BJP emerges with highest seats 85 in BMC... But but modi destroyed india because of Demonetisation 😂😂😂"	1
Maulana sahib please don't give name of Shariyat and Islam to your foolish practices.. if central Govt bans the triple Talaq than we Muslims are with them.. triple talaq is not Islamic practice so keep your mouth shut..	1
Do u know who is Mr. shangul dude u r a victim of yellow journalism jo suna wohi bolo bas . And even yellow journalism is heavy word to understand	1
I'm wery heppy today bcose tho indian dog going to jhannam good pak army	1
www.corporatehours.com India's leading  online free classified advertisement site to post free classified.	0
"Kapil Is Worst And Corrupt, His Jokes Are Cheap And Double Standards!"	1
"GAZETTE --->21 national holiday to be increased by 23  List of National Public holidays of India in 2016 -includes demonitisation 2 days"	0
We don't need secularim...communism...socialism...all are names to invite the poisons inside our minds...we need good people....good law....peace n development ...period	0
Are this guys waiting for christmas to launch the bike	1
Hahaha..... CNBC team so funny........ make feel happy..... :) :) :)	0
Our Hon'ble governor is Best  But Some one not ......	1
"Asking proof is antinational activity,  So be careful,,  😂😂😂😂😂"	1
"U have no religion nigam 'that is why u are disturbed by Aazaan ,bajan and etc"	1
Partha bro....your comment smells as if you like the concept of killing	1
One fact is sure BJP has unlimited money at their disposal but since they are in power no CBI ED OR IT WILL BOTHER THEM	1
Just blind people's are 't oppous to rooling party and PM....SO SAD....SO BAD...	0
"AK has delivered on most of his pre- election promises and improved the lot of Delhi citizens, despite the Centre holding the whip through LG!"	0
If u  r hindu and hv gone  through hindu literature ..uwa Vedas also speak about getting early..	1
Do you think there can be a bounceback in hdfc bank tomorrow?	0
Bhajan 's and ghante ki awaaz not destruction in temples....	1
Wee Angelino on iTunes or Amazon or Google. Video on YouTube Mascot	0
Why is CNBC broadcasting BJP's internal meeting? Does it do it for every political party? #PaidMedia	1
you can sell the stock if u hold it or sell for intraday basis....there indication for sell	0
"Cut the crap and show the bike, hope the results wont be so boring as the event."	1
What's wrong with Audis and/or Audi drivers?	0
No.Let us hope not. It is too early to make s judgement on new Govt.	1
PM Modi had best intentions for India.. he is much better than anybody anytime.. but unfortunately I don't think he will win next elections as he is taking tough decisions and Majority of India doesn't want to change... may god be with him...	0
Is it possible for to take the broom and clean whole of your colony on daily basis. Talk something sensible. It's you and me who can clean ourself. We are not animals who require someone to kick us to do right things. Neither we are slaves of anyone who can treat us the way he wants	1
Amazing a baba realizes iron is cut with iron...but corupt politicians dont...	0
Modi - terrible decision with demonetization - war on the poor.	1
From he will fetch the votes to become MP.Making fools to all.	1
"Sajid AnsariI do not know how many words I have learned from my country, I want to know how much I am doing.Care should make  be Hindu Muslim Sikh Christian"	1
"Blady pofk, brainless pig is more better then this fatty"	1
Inside job of indian Army... Pak Armed Forces didn't cross the border ... Shame full act by indian army ....	1
"Bengalis are half muslims, maybe mamta effect or Bangladeshi affect,  they marry their daughters to kashmiri muslims who do shawl business in kolkotta, I have seen lot of Bengali ladies in muslim homes at kmr"	1
N i don't trust politicians. Even if it was a blessing I don't think I will ever be able to afford to buy a car tht costs in millions.	1
it's 2PM already  but program is still not aired.	0
"Women, nowadays, suffer from extreme anger. Modernism would take away the old traditional motherhood very soon... and it is quite evident in many instances with both knowns and unknowns."	1
Have they actually received it...looks like these are all announcements...	0
"Pakistan was made by Islamic radicals, many of them are now trying to create another Pakistan in India."	1
"They are the ones who will save India from people like you,"	1
In 40 days counterfeit money again produce which is your main agenda in demonized the money.	0
An appeal is bad when it is sex appeal	1
Good evening sir ....... Brigade and A2Z infra hold or sale ?	0
What's wrong with man eating from woman's earning?	0
"TRAI driven by indian telecom providers, is the next big thing in business."	0
"They better protest, oh wait that just happens in stupid America, because too many people have no jobs. Just busy complaining and walking around with vaginas on their heads. Lol"	1
Right because how can you join two parties at a time? BJP as well as AAP? Or second thing you think AAP is the only party an honest man can join. That's it.	0
Yes he made right decision by not joining Kejriwal.	0
If u know about gau mutra so much then u must have tried it by urself coz I m interested only in body making not mind. How much ever brain I have that's enough for people like u too much is not good. Any comments on zakir and owasie and their freedom of speech	1
"It's not correct bro. 1- Not every IITians get hefty packaged offers from US or other big country. Those who get are very few. Really very few. So most of the IITians are in India. 2- In that few too there are few who have rejected those offers. 3- I don't know where these subsidies are going. I pay approx 3 lakhs per annum as fees but still don't find that level of facilities."	1
"Shewag is 100% true , before any one takes a dig at him remember Dawood father was a police man , but he didn't Inherit his father's qualities"	1
Political parties are allowed to deposit old notes. .they are exempted why?	1
I can't even stream this live video on jio network on mobile.... service really need to improve...	0
"Violence is not the option anywhere anytime. Having said that , it's stealing -that's the problem. The people would have been ok if those people have stolen something else then? Why do you shout cow cow cow for everything and try to politicise even petty thievery? Media idiots."	0
What are the prospects for Rolta from a long term view?	0
"Kejriwal was already known for his rti activism and anna just used him as a ploy to portray himself as the next gandhi whereas in truth he only wanted to break as many congress votes as he could to let bjp win! Now the old hypocrite is nowhere to be seen, no lokpal yet he has time to comment on the only honest party in the country! Sahi khel gya buddha!"	1
He is half smart to the point of being a fool😁	1
Indian woman trying harder to achieve her goal but people of her country making joke about her and dragging her back	0
"Srinagar : 1 Security Personnel Killed, 11 CRPF Officials Injured In Grenade Attack"	0
Request to Pak Army plz fire atom bomb to the border. Then no one remain alive to blame violation.	1
"Dear Maya, we are only using loudspeakersduring the time of festivals, it's not our daily practice to disturb others. And if anyone getting disturb due to this, they should keep in thought and mentality that that was only for 10 days not like daily 3 times in a day."	1
Abraham u asked me the same question and again u copied and pasted this question	1
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
I love Nikesh shah speaking...his pearls of wisdom are worth listening to.	0
Is it failed coup by Nifty at 8500? Global Markets are down as Trump rally fizzles out...	0
Hi Sonia Shenoy I Bought 100 Shares Jetairways 784 hold or sale.	0
Old man needs to retire.	1
He is describing the bike to his wife to buy	1
"Samir, people agree with Modiji and aupport him when he says that he is trying to correct 60 years of congress misrule but disagree with TMC when they are in same situation."	0
he said just because he wants attention of indians again no one listening his songs he wants to come back thats why he is targeting muslin religion ..he is above 45 year old did he first time listen prayer call... shame on you... and when this brutality end when muslim is allowed to eat beef in islam who they are to stop them... stop this forcefull acts ... just drink cows urine its your punishment from Allah....	1
Haha! Which part of Kashmir bhai?	1
Thanks to Delhi police because they are not students they are anti national only believe in dirty politic and nothing else	1
Whose airport look do you like the most? Let us know in the comments below.	0
"Shruthi, pls spend some time in KASHMIR/KERALA/WB... goodluck in advance.."	1
"Honourable President Sahebji Sri.Pranab Mukherjee, as long  the present political outfits like Congress  and its allies  like CPIM CPI and all other petty  local political  parties exist with their selfish motto;,  We as  Indians cannot expect India to become global power. First of all we need country's unity unequivocal  in all respects and steps one takes irrespective  of their's political affiliation."	1
Arnav Singh Pal.will you react the same way if the comment is regarding gurbani recital?	1
Cows are definitely gonna vote for Modi ji in 2019 ;)	1
If it is war to black money then why don't PM modi declare that who save money on abroad bank's as terrorist's money.	0
It is demoralising for our MLAs that they are misbehaved in front of the public. Government should take immediate action against Police officer so that others get lesson and in future they behave suitably with MLAs.	1
Wants to be in news like Anupamp kheeeeeer and Gautam Gambhir	1
No work nor inclination to improve his constitution. Hence wastes time.	1
All IT companies bubble will soon burst. They all are liars and conceive information	1
"Part time job without investment  NO REGISTRATION FEES, Earn daily Rs 500 to Rs 700 by working 2 hours per day  For more information Type JOIN and WhatsApp us on this no. 8698614666"	0
Here no Muslim friend comments abt atrocities due to triple talaq everybody are blaming police ...	1
Mohit Soni this is reality bro please read carefully	0
Where is this old creature	1
Mr. Modi - 1971 was wrong year for demonetisation because war was upon us. West Pakistan migrating in India 🇮🇳 India who has opportunity to finish war of 1965. And teach Pakistan a lesson. Thanks 🙏 to greatest general of India field marshal Manekshaw we were able to finish this war in 13 days. Biggest surrender in world history.	1
But need to stop the new account opening & any transaction s in any bank.	1
"I think this is a good move, need some one from outside the group..."	0
In a Religion driven economy - atheist becomes a threat 🤔!!	1
Rajeev Pillai.......feekkuuu....you  don't  worry  about  bjp	1
Do you give equal rights to Hindus? what percent Hindus are left in your country since 1947?	1
BCCI confirmed that the Indian police arrested three people in Kanpur suspected of illegal betting during Gujarat's matches against Delhi.	0
Indian Express is .......... it needs to be........	1
How does this 3 pm move play out on every single time? Are the markets so easily prone to manipulation?	0
Sourav Roy I'm not trying to defend anybody. I myself is a Law student. And Chandan Sen I'm also following ABP only. It was no where  mentioned about drinking.	1
This fits Hindu /christians.when githa&bible or scriptures  were written  and their gods did not heard sound of sound systems.. why then all worship  merchandise  shops blaring  -&polluting atmosphere with noise.	1
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
Anna... Lokapal... does this word ring a bell to you?...	1
My grandfather was also in in Indian army & my school friend is also in bsf at the post of sub inspector	0
FIR needs to be filed immediately against him and his outfit. Their houses and places should be raided for weapons! This has to happen NOW.	1
"Scientific reason that since many yrs this ABP news giving OPINION  POLL in favour of BJP just before election which gives positive waves in BJP favour.  Why chief editor of ABP doing this since last many years."	0
Like Modi dumped his wife in 21st century.	1
Some  organisation  or NGO  or influential person  should  file a writ on Supreme Court  against  this patently  illegal  and unreasonable  order.	1
It seems he wants to be in limelight. I will not stop listening to his songs.	1
"Lalu means no.1 foolish , u have also done road show etc when u r in power , u foolish chara chor stop Ur politics."	1
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
Gm... can i send query related to suzlon and nalco having target of 24.50 & 60.02 respectively..i need to know this year they will touch this target??	0
"So, Now there is no one to raise voice aganist BJP without fear."	1
"Bhuvanesh Trivedi Utkarsh Mishra wtf is this?  band?"	1
The marketing team of Bajaj is loosing the Plot... First the FLG theme of Avenger and and now this :( SAD...	1
Vinod Gupta with respect when our parliament had agreed on army court then it shouldn't be strange.	1
"A father can do it, Indians can do it but our netas can't do it. They will politicize it. Wait for ""proof"" gang to ask for proof and declare it a fake encounter"	1
Thanks a lot Sonia.......and another thing is i am long in sunpharma whats ur view?	0
"Dr. Raghu Ram Rajan was defenitely an intellectual and genius. That is the reason he became Indias RBI governor. But when it comes to performance, I think, he could not deliver what India expected of him. He took charge as RBI givernor when India was on a take off line. But the governor failed to press the accelerator . I think he was rather keeping his feet on the brake.  All genius are negatively oriented."	0
Gods own country is not any more it evils own country . Hindus will be treated like Saitan or Judas.	1
Oh yeah? Mandir in Kashmir? Joke of the century. Have you left any mandir standing there?	1
You targetted hindus hajra so please dont play on that harp of pretence. It was wrong enough you commented on a mans dead sons post and stoked emotions. Is it further needed to fuel the fire????	1
"We have to encourage all, to use solar system, each and everyone,in our rural area also."	0
Look who is talking :P	1
Hmm... Good going bajaj... But dont compete with royal enfield.. Coz thats a totally different cult.. And one more thing... Make metal body against plastic body..	0
"Most absurd way of  implementing the system, second most  populous country in the world,  how is the government  addressing  the  cash tender?? Are banks n post  office  enough to  exchange for every single  indian... #marketingmanmodi#nobrains"	1
Why does not India or China buy? Fundamentals are good. Guess Indians will just get poorer Bec of Modi demonetization and gold rumor ban. India household own the most gold in the world but value has dropped120 dollars since November 9	0
"No conspiracy. Must be this Tiwari who organised / stage managed / funded it just to defame other political parties. A couple of years back this character was on Big Boss and that time people could see how much hatred, disrepect, arrogance he has inside of him."	1
Or maybe just few hours!😂 Since I think we will get super bored sitting quietly hahaha AAnisha Porwal	0
What has he done now for middle and unemployment can anyone explain please	1
Finally corrupt peoples are offering bribes to gods for save them from the  money demonisation scheme. BTW GOD IS NOT LISTENING THEN.	1
"Sunil Singhania, CIO, Equity, Reliance Mutual Fund, CA and CFA"	0
"If the RBI did have enough new notes, but did not distribute then it defenitely will be intentional. All new notes issued before 31st dealine would have helped the hoarders to exchange the old for new. If RBI indeed is sitting on a huge supply of new 500s  they can be quickly distributed from jan 1 and Modi would have salvaged the situation to a large extent."	1
I just wonder why people cant see the positive side of the bold step and just pin point negatives all the time!!!?	0
If a substitute of any medicine is given to a patient and patient suddenly collapse who will be blamed ? Medical store or doctor or someone else	1
I'm agree with it but I will share this  😂😂😂😂😂😂	0
"But, who nurtured AK ?"	1
But its the Truth... U watch Rajasabha Tv. U can see that each and everyone is made fun and antinational by BJP leaders who stands aganist them. Yechury is the one who stands tall with big voice.	1
Without money n jobs from where do you start your life now.	0
"At least we got no isis sh|t here^ Only state with commies 😂"	1
The increase is a trap . Markets will fall big time. Wait for lower levels to buy	0
Why is it poor governance is Ratan Tata is intern chairman ? Comments no fair at all .	0
"I thought the duty of politicians is to develop India and modi ji is doing it.. But what's sad news is that some parties opposing modiji..I wonder like, are these politicians working for India or for their party.."	0
MUSLIM + AAPTARD= EXTREME AAPTARD!!!	0
Don't misguid the nations. Tell the truth Mr yellow journalist	1
"In India, one can utter anything against Islam and Muslims or criticise them for his/her revival....... Cuz he/she knows that modi-fied political stunt separating hindu Muslims. And this will proved to be helpful for re-gain."	1
hey guys he doing a really great job only thing is we thinking of present but not future.	1
What about the loss we were facing due to fake and black money ?	0
congrats ...but still not eligible to vote in the general election	0
Sir Ji good reply to Ladla... I Proudly Support Namo...	0
I think This old man is sick. He needs rest	1
What he said 100 % agreed..think about country..leave these bloody politician who spread hatred and appeasement politics to divide us..hindu muslim sikh isai come forward unite us for betterment of country.	1
Introducing 2000 will help black money transactions easy...good Initiative 😆 2 more yrs	1
Why is anti national in quotes?? Is it that being an ISI operative is also ok and that only those dissent at liberals are anti nationals??	1
Its remote control nadu now 😀😀😀😀	1
"Iyogi employees need justice .. Most of the employees, even people in higher management have not been paid for more than 3 months... There are people who even feel to commit suicide now as they are broke.."	0
"This is pathetic decision, I feel BJP government is acting against the common Public. The decisions Govt is taking has to be perfect and it should not boomerang on Govt.  Firstly BJP Govt first decision on Demonization has failed in collecting the Black Money from Market and even there is cash crunch in market. If BJP government will take such haphazard decision then public will show non-cooperation on each and every action. Timely rethink on haphazard decisions."	1
Really Kumar   Vishwas eserve post of C.M of Delhi than kejri as Viswas is little polite man!	0
Equity will see more participation as interest rate cut would affect fd and bonds	0
Sonia as laggard are catching up and TATA MOTORS JLR new launches like FPACE & RANGE RIVER SUV are stunner & r making the buzz is it time to buy TATA MOTOR?	0
Congress has to elect pradip bhattacharya to the RS during the same period from West Bengal..	0
"Anna, he is a born thug. I pity that you didn't see through him."	1
"Finally that day have arrived when humans need machines to purify air to breathe in ..  And not trees.."	0
Now instead of 'I promise to pay bearer sum of One Thousand Rupees' we are going to see 'I promise to arrest the bearer ' signed by the RBI governor.	0
"wats happening with sunpharma buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback? wats happening with sunpharma?buyback?"	0
Deepika Thakur I know if the court does not fit your belief they are fake....	1
At the exit time sings the dog of happiness .	1
Ridiculous news.... Whats the problem or sensation about it???	1
"Abrar whether you people live in density or alone,,,you people will damage the humanity,,,, important is you change your mentality towards supporting terrorism,,, bomblasting, killing innocents on the name of jihad,,, stop pleasing Allah doing all the possible crimes,,,,, stop dreaming for 72 hoors,,,    believe me every thing will be okay for you radicals"	1
"Just by doing or attending an 'azaan' does anyone become a true Muslim....?   Prophet Muhammad had once asked his followers, ""just by saying that you believe, will you be called a muslim. No. You will be tested first."""	1
Such a delightful performance Shashi Prabhakaran remember our  Bhubaneswar trip n visit to this stupa. Kasturi Das  thinking of your performance :)	0
"This Marxist ideology caused cumulative death of 100 million People in USSR, China, Vietnam, North Korea and other countries worldwide in past 200 years."	1
Its a very serious issue if government is planning to make aadhar identity mandatory	0
"Then what happens in pantry coach dedicated for catering in every express..do we really get food, meal from the picture above when we travel by indian railways? If yes then please let us know the name of the express...the fact is the railway passengers get pathetic food served in indian railways..."	1
"However, please explain how he credited the Pokharan II to Dr. Kalam? Obviously, did not want to give credit to BJP. Guess he was still in his ""kenchuli"""	1
Muslims are doing the job of murga daily.	1
Tanzeb Khan People Like You Always Put Religion Above The Country That's Why Muslims are Called Traitors and Hated. Just Look at Yourself What Erdogan Said He is a Pro Pakistani Who want Kashmir for Pakistan and Always Support Pakistan Despite the Fact Still You are Praise Him Calling Sir. LOW LIFE PEOPLE!!	1
F*** u indian xpress... Wtf r u publishing? Y not sharing dhoni is having breakfast?	1
I think nda Government is more responsible for our soldiers dying at daily basis then ndtc	1
The media houses need to chill.	0
Is u have any pain on Lokpal or Modi Govt. to weaken RTI Mr.Anna  . You  lost your credibility I thought during your movement that u r statesman but today I think u r a typical modern time Leader. I Also feel ashamed on Me that one day I was also a part of your movement becoz earlier people or I can say Congress was much much better then these rulling Govt.	1
We need more transparency in terms of cash transactions because still things not change	0
"The programs Mr. Modi chosen like Make in India, Digital India, Start up India and many more are very much needed programs.. but the sequence of implementation is very dangerous for India..."	0
This is happening a lot...	0
Shubham Singh all business are down by 80% and GDP is going down and you are saying India is growing. Check the facts before posting	1
He put the whole police force after his buffolos went missing and sacked them also. His mainstay is rape is legal and pass as per SP Manifesto.	1
You are mentally  ill i will give a shock  so that your brain will work properly	1
Wonder what really is her portfolio under the new dispensation..?	0
"Pakistan may wrongly thinking that Pak is a superior  nation with support of China or some big nation's , but Pak forgetting that every nation recognize Pak because fear about strong Indian nation as neighbor , so it is Pak duty to respect India if not it will become one more afgan or Syria ..... So be careful pak ...."	0
Please guide me on pnb gilts please sir give your precious guidance it will be very helpful for small investors	0
"emerging India emerging actor Narendra Modi Ji, enough of speaking we need to see implementation, we all know you can market your thoughts well, we need more implementation, speaking about the same one good thing all the times does not help. stop the blame game of pointing congress we all know the history, what we are interested is the future"	1
"Why is he is not going after the big guys who have taken 1.13 lakh crores in loan and have not paid their loans. Ambani, Adani, Malya, Gali Janardhan etc"	1
No speed fist they says will download movie in second	0
And yesterday they launched ambulance services for Cows. :@ People has chosen the worst of worst Government.	1
Expect to reach 30 kms/day of road construction by March end: Nitin Gadkari	0
Reema coul you please give view on Yes Bank ???	0
"Modi is not only a terrorist, but a Lucca cheater also. What a shame brought to us by sanghis"	1
Are they trying to create the bike out of WITCHCRAFT?	1
Sugar stocks not participating (actually) since a month+ ....  Testing patience or what?  Or any political reason	0
Even as well admired by people in the country and abroad  Mr Rajan has declined to continue for the second term as RBI Governor.  Why then the politicians don't follow suit and relinquish their posts by refusing to contest  election after election  Is it not absurd when they say that  for serving the masses they contest elections by sitting in wheeled chair or walk only with hand on somebody's shoulder.	0
"Woo ..... Should v follow technicals now or fundamental  ... Or HEART :p #Brain not working"	0
She calling the bike as if it's a human being	1
I had thought that the step of Narendra Modi shall wipe out the black money but it has wiped off white money also and that too faster than white money.	1
What do u feel about the HDFCBANK crossing it's FII limit ? Do you have any idea about the confrontation going between RBI and SEBI ?	0
"Really, Indian Express?   Please don't be the Express of the Indians that are perverse. Please be the Express of the Indians that need a voice to strive."	1
"Democratic jokers running all around i need not to repeat the rapes, murders, mafias , leaders greed and his freeness and ofcource the fully paid media showing, .... Artificiality and disgusting patriots it will not end because real solution is to think like a human not a animal...... Humanity should be only cause, help others may it be of any region and religion...... Support human rights   do you agree?"	0
"I have question for prakash ,  how do you see navin fluoride at current level"	0
we are & we can deal Pak Army Appropriately but we have to  deal equally with Pak Rakshak Gangs in our soil	1
This is called good governance. This never happened in earlier govt time. This could be claimed as surgical strike.	1
"That it did not, for sure, under congress rule when you were active in that party."	1
Why the RBI has not lowered the interest rate to make bank loans cheaper despite huge surge in deposits.?	0
"Her in law should be arrested and but behind bar , Islam believe in equality"	1
Which is a bigger joke that woman singing or the bike	1
"Like his flop films, flop dialogue"	1
What levels are  expected in Maruti after the results?	0
What about your well paid jagrata nights ? Many more can be counted under your same forced logic from Bollywood.	1
pakistan force are not called force. they are called terrorist	1
"Awareness required for the  ground level businessman, state level ministry to be strict for baning cash transaction. A businessman is earning 30 - 40% of profit for the goods today, Modi ji please form a policy to control market price. A pan shopkeeper  is earning much more than an engineer today."	1
What he said is truth and nothing else	1
"Sultan ji, I m from Assam, India. Here at our Shiv puja committee, the chairman is a musalman friend of mine.           We may be from different culture, but we dont see things your way."	1
"He he he he Just Ask CM, How much she waste in breakfast only??"	1
Requesting all Aaptard to let me know if we should start calling Kumar Vishwas as Corrupt BJP agent or is he still clean and honest AAP worker. Please let me know. I am very confused. 😂😂😂😂	1
Ashin Jose Chellamthara leftists Goonda are with Jehadist Scoundrels sadly no true left wingers left in India	1
What's taking so long? Other devices already have Nougat and are having better updates	1
"Beef band in Maharashtra  Isn't  it?? Any beef or only cow ????🤔"	1
"Correct Ahsan bhai, let me tell you no one is supporting kashmiri pandits as they are no vote bank,  but recently govt proposed separate colonies for pandits in kmr but majority community opposed it, they didn't want hindus back in kmr, is it possible in india you will throw all muslims to pakistan, we Hindus are truly secular,  on basis of religion they were thrown out of kmr, labelled as mukbir, kafir and Indian agents"	1
"1 villain can create 1000 hero , 1 hero can create 1000 villain ..which is better ........"	1
"The sad part is that AIFF (Football Federation) is paying 5 lakhs each and the the most richest sporting body in the world BCCI isn't paying a penny ..  Just sad"	0
After Indian forces reactions surrendered forces will claim that innocent cornflakes manufacturer killed by Indian soldiers as as soldiers are habitual to surrender 93000 against 3000.	0
no bank ---> don't tax your brain too much --out out cnbc tv18	0
The bike is specially hand crafted for people who work at night	1
What to do if a male colleague keeps staring at your breasts?	1
Omkar Bhatwadekar ooohhhh really what a achievement.	1
Anyone investing in equities - if this bike launch is for real buy bajaj auto in dip 😎	0
mr president it was impossible with that gau and gobar policy....	1
Sonia i am very very big fan of u please tell me the dr.reddy target should i hold for long term	0
Anna ji agent of BJP.	1
"Yes champ!! We the people of Kerala love our beef, in our plates, well done! Thank u! 🙂"	1
Rattan Tata will have to lead from the front against intolerance and for the emancipation of 120 crore Indians being bluffed by Modi &Co.	0
Israel is a JEWISH nation and Hebrew should be the NATIONAL Launguage. Just like in American ENGLISH should be the NATIONAL language.	0
I have a lot of vedanta and bharat financial shall I continue to with these stocks	0
First go and check the spelling of India 😂😂😂😂 (ENDIA) 😂😂😂	1
Disappointing that many countries not abiding by FDA commitments: Commerce Minister	1
Rest in peace. Salute to a brave hero of the Tamil.	0
FY17 revenue growth for IT industry expected at 8.6%: NASSCOM	0
Laughable comments. India is not the same country anymore. Lata Venkatesh and Udayan did their best to create panic in the minds of investors by showing a very gloomy outlook. However Indian market and investing community is smarter than ever to let go the buying opportunity available . Media should grow up now and do a balanced analysis than playing the devil's advocate all the time.	0
Congress was more genius than bjp a stupid communal party which send india on the threshold of hell	1
So this currency ban is affecting normal people not black money holder . Normal people who save there money and invest in this sort off long term investment.	0
"It's Chinese year of the cock, so they're all out in full force on social media"	1
And he's silent in every move he's had such respect but now he's another bhakth	1
"Stop giving statemens against Pakistan, Do it 2 or 200..."	0
THANKS BARINDER FOR EARNING PATAKA....YOU R THE REAL ASSET OF CNBC TV 18.......	1
U r obsessed with bjp !	1
Two times Oscar Tom Hanks can't play Jesus	1
Wish the fathers of these wonderful people wore one on that particular night!	1
Erdogan total dictator...quashing media rigged elections...abolishing civil rights...dangerous man...changing Turkey from secular democracy to theocracy...another ayatollah...	1
"Lol. S person shearing stage with lalu , giving castism remarks in Punjab  A big hypocrite.."	1
Welcome on board Mr Rawat heartfelt congratulations and wishes. Looking forward the best from you under your guidance.	0
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
Any good buys among public sector banks apart from SBI?	0
So it's not just the US (or Trump). Even the Muslim Brotherhood is also banning the extrimist breeding countries.	1
Bought Dr. Reddy's at 2900. Should I buy more? Long term?	0
No need to target you you are already finished you just fooled that kashiram now no more chance	1
R they going to bring Chota Bheem r Big Bheem????	1
"Pee drinker talk when you sober, your soldiers apply holidays when war times comes. rapist nation"	1
"Due to demonetisation,banks have recovered loans through old notes. This time bank npa will be less compare to previous qtrs."	0
This is a false news Indian media is simply misguiding there nation and creating hatred..Media should be v careful while spreading the news..SHAME.:(	0
"Nifty below 8550 , indicates a down move maybe coming"	0
"Of course, when majority community is so bad, that they even have problem to rent house to Muslims. When fanancial status of Muslims is degrading for their business not running, not getting enough jobs in private sector etc, then it's government duty to give reservation, and act as role model."	1
instead of fixing the error they deleted my comment. fuk ndtv	1
Like old undertaker entrance.. He'll come riding the bike 😂😂	1
"Rip, Brave and strong and powerful  women after Indira Gandhi"	0
SRS Ltd ? How is it 5 year horizon ?	0
he should read a few books on economics... am not sure if he knows the basics of economics...	1
It is reality of Pakistani but still Indian Muslim r in favour of Pakistani Muslim ....... Y it so.....	1
"It doesn't befits to a man who started his career by performing in Jagrata where he used to sing whole night on loudspeaker to raise questions now on Azaan which lasts just from 1 to 3 mins. Also it would not be the first time he would have heard fajr azaan is he is from delhi. He is a clever man, he know he could also be rewarded like Akshay Kumar in future if he involves in religious debates."	1
"The great leader of india Rip amma  She is a god of poor ones"	0
..but govt want to take control over supreme court.. Will lokpal be effective if that happens..	1
"He Can be made the CM. He's SO Cute and Cool :* :D :)  Anything is Better than Adityanath,so to say,yeah :D :) :/"	1
STOP JUST TALKING ABOUT THIS mulitation. THIS IS TIME TO ACT AGAINST PAKISTAN. WE WILL HAVE TO SEND THEM A STRICT MESSAGE OF OUR ANGRYNESS. OTHER WISE THIS WILL CONTINUE FROM OTHER SIDE. WE HAVE TO FIND A NEW WAY TO TEACH THEM GOOD LESSION BCZ THIS IS CHRONIC PROBLEM.	1
Don't worry .Pakistan has no strength only serviving on cheap loan amount of China.	0
& he is called as gandhian	1
"It is none but the ""THAN"" advertisement. Is it MAYR,VIMAL, READ & TAYLOR?"	0
#ENTERTAINMENT | Amitabh Bachchan shared a lot of things about #Black on his blog.	0
What is your view on midcap valuation? Can One start booking profit	0
What's your nifty outlook for the remaining part of the week??	0
"What Kangana has said is true. She has demolished the established coterie of the few film makers who don't let the new comers without godfathers or agreeing through casting couch ente  r their domains. Karan couldn't bully Raj Thakrey but Kangana . It just like Modi's demolishing of the family's rule in the political field. He is uprooting the well dug family Bhakats like Ayers, Sibals, Khurshids, paid family historians, pliable and paid media and many more."	1
"Really, he had to make this a religious issue, couldn't he just stick to noise pollution, but no he had to comment on Hindu and Muslim."	1
Sonu g u r unconsciously advocating the creation of separate colonies for different religions as azan disturbs u  so does bagan from temples may disturb others and.............. what will happen to secularism	1
bat got doppler ....yoga  to open the third eye ...believe it or not ...eye donation for cnbc tv 18 from commentator( me me )	0
"That time when u used ""militant"" word against A Hath Yogi ..u r exposed mr writer.. the bloody prejudice mind of yours has been littering from many years against The Great Indian Culture."	1
"There you are, this is not it more to come :D be prepared common 👨"	1
"Every IT company has a client profile unique to itself. If Infy and TCS were treated as market leaders to even WIPRO then it was and is wrong. INFY and TCS need not and should not rally with WIPRO rally. Market reaction will be company specific in a matured market. There's no fooling thru market or cheer leaders,,"	1
WEAKEST HOME MINISTER INDIA HAS EVER PRODUCED ..........................IS NOT IT ? ..................	0
According to hazare there is only 1 corrupt party and corrupt leader in India   ak  and aap.         Wrong glasses ? :)	1
"its so nice to read this, everyone understtod this before me."	0
"Only ordinary soldiers get killed and their families suffer in this games played by the power hungry people across the spectrum.We need another Gandhi and Gaffer Khan to teach that Tolerance,understanding and dialogue are the means to a lasting solution."	0
Its a done deal. Steve Jobs got ousted from Apple. Mistry ain't no Steve Jobs. Mistry getting the boot is painful but there is never a easy way to deal with firing high level executives(HUGE EGOS). Safeguarding your reputation becomes important for both sides and that is what is playing out here. It is a waste of time speculating the correctness and legality of the firing as Ratan Tata( seasoned warrior) has been around for a long long time and will not make rookie mistakes.	0
That's good I welcome GST people have to be paid tax and so tax money spent on Indian economy 😀	0
I m unable 2 hear the sound is there any prblm with the video ??	0
He may become Sports Minister or if Modites remain in power may be after 2 decades he may also become President of India	0
Tx to Turkey President. we are capable of handling our internal K issue. our politicians are stalwarts n rich experienced. We suggest try to sit with your kurds in turkey n start negotiating peace with them.	1
BJP won 81 seats more than 50 seats of 2012. This is not win at all .84 seat win of Siva sena is land mark win according to this toilet paper	1
Anna is now silent on lok pal same baba ram dev is silent on black money and pm silent on giving rs 15 lakhs to all citizens.	1
Oh That why he first visit India after referendum not Pakistan.	0
"Where the so called secular, now all secular become deaf and dumb."	1
Will scrap rule effect old vehicle which is in mint condition also ? #nitingadkari	0
Hi Anuj....is it the right time to enter into edelweiss financials	0
My question is where is our all tym world richest BCCI ??	0
Why you drag instagram stuff in fb news page?🤔 No real news up your sleeves?🙄	0
"Why are they called Maoists, why not vigilante. Is vigilante only for far RSS goons."	1
"Bjp has shown Uddhav itz place ! 😂😂 Lions got tamed by #Namo 😎"	1
Hi Anuj a view on Axis Bank & Hindalco plz	0
Iam sure half of what the media shows ia all lies amd is all what The politicians are instigating	0
Give scholarships and incentives to weaker section of the society and not reservation. Let merit prevail.	1
Why NBFC are correcting? Any bad news in it? Views pls	0
Only if u can't get into one of them !	1
Only one community opposing him please understand guys and wakeup support BJP	1
3 porotta + double bullseye + beef roast with diced onions	1
Cash flow is a common phenomenon for everyone. Only the volume decides the intensity of the problem. Let's patiently wait for more positive results.	0
Is this what we were said as achche din? We have been fooled by Modi and his govt. Unite and revolt against this.	1
"Who will responsible for accumulated bad assets up to 16lakh crores of PSU banks?  Modi or Rajan, no control or tight norms for loans to Industrialists by  Banking officials. Rajan opposed subsidies to dormers and favoured not to expose bank loan willful defaulters, who are taken excess loans of their company strength. He did not given any good suggestion for Bankers. He did only no rate cut, so on"	1
This mentality of media and politiion is worst....dont make and think headlines of stopping BJP.....ask them to do something better than bjp...who ll perform better than bjp...	0
Muhammad Saqib Nawaz Saki then Ur excepting that u voilate ceasefire & also answer was given to u as u need to have by ur army	0
Late Night Party! Enjoying Life And Now Once He Woke Up He Start Complaining!	1
"Sukanya Chakraborty. Just when you thought Priyanka Chopra was winning the ""Fancy Dress"" competition."	0
Give some multibagger tips for 2017? From the smallcap space.	0
"Even after many price hike, operational efficiency is poor. That's correlate with Minister efficiency. And we will talk about bullet train, flying train etc ..."	1
How govt let bank mangers to sell new currency in black market with out monitoring on funds. When people are suffering at queues	1
Bought Indian Overseas Bank NSE @ 25.85 .please suggest what to do	0
Adrija Bose it's days like these that I miss having this on all day at work	0
Kajol - who cares what you ate. Its quite ok even if it was Gau Mata. Only muslims are not allowed. For others its fine.	1
What happened to breaking a coconut ! It was much simple and quick	1
"""Swacch Bharat Abiyan"" is an initiative of our government has became very popular out side of our country. Bravo!"	0
Anil rhomas fuker y dont u go with thm u loud mouth	1
"Instead of understanding what he meant,just ignore him😑such a ignorant society"	1
"lol u r already a RSS man, how can you hide it now."	1
It's ok we lost just 1 test match. We India will bounce back and win the series.	0
"Liar..... he is telling he brought money from outside... share where it is"	1
Wat would be the crucial nifty support or resistance for a trader	0
You can hold a stock for decade..and still hv negative return	0
Market is never stable. Due to trade cycles fluctuations occur. They are  never consistent. Fiscal & Monitory regulations are adopted by apex bodies. regularly.	0
"Whenever there is change in any process, there is always a transition period which lasts for some period. So nothing to worry about."	0
State associations are yet to sign the tripartite agreement with the BCCI and the IPL franchises	0
"If only hard work is the benchmark, donkeys would have then ruling the world. Hard work without brains is what donkeys really do."	1
"Mira is justifying herself and her given situation,she can not understand the other side of the picture ie working moms."	1
I am living in dubai and here majority Indian also some Pakistani friends appreciate modi but media always against modi why she reem madam?	0
Anna you don't see the corruption of BJP and Congress that's happening from past 60 years ??	1
"True. Always They are talking about Indians irrespective of religion, a fatal sign of communalism. Stop them to make our country secular so that we can continue with the minority appeasement politics in the name of secularism.. 👍"	1
"O:)  ρσωєяєđ ву Noor Azam Mehsood 🎀 [🔰] !! HAZARA -BOT- TEAM !! [🔰]  Owner (^^^) Noman Shafiq (^^^) Noɱɩ Bʌcʜʌ Oŋ Fɩʀɘ (^^^)"	0
How is it a good news or bad news  ???	0
He is not telling about aap he is telling about all party	0
"Fst of all.. Modi  😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈"	0
"Simple, threat is a threat, whether it is by pamphlets or fatwa, miscreants have to be punished for trying to incite violence."	1
"Anna Hazare ji, aap chunaav ke samay hi kyon jaagte ho? Arvind Kejriwal, unlike you has come out in the open and is fighting with the system whereas you from the comforts of your village do not have the guts to match your chela and just criticise without doing anything meaningful.  You were our hero once upon a time but today- you are just one of those who left the battlefield to save your skin and basque in flattery and jhoothi glory... :-/"	1
"send VHP trained army with their captain,,,,they can deal it better"	0
a gr8 work sir its a help for the people of India n the time for India to move ahead	0
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
Time to #LaughAtDeath. Have you tried it yet?	0
Subhajit Ghosh need to kill atleast 7000 at one go	1
Said Arain india has more toilet than all of pakistan people and when it comes to clean and development I guess India has more of it :)	0
U talk too much y don't u stand at LOC n feel the pain n let ur butts burn thn u will cme to knw wat is real ...	1
another attempt of the party Aap to catch publicity.. .	1
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-	0
Asrar Nazir Taimoor the lame was also a Turko Mongolian..	0
Five ways of entrepreneurs  success  is an excellent message from mukesh bhai	0
Lalu also speaking on ethics and integrity....such a shame Lalu...amoeba by nature criticizing the PM...	1
"Jio prime members to get bouquet of Jio Media services till March 31, 2018: Mukesh Ambani"	0
What is all this copy paste?	1
"As if China was Waiting for the day Pakistan kills two pigs then they will give statement to make india happy??? 😂😁😂 No Paki or intel media give such news only Lundian media with lollypoop for Public 😁😄😄"	1
"Wait fr 2 year to decide if it is gud or nt  Or u can feel....that u are samater then IMF n world bank ceo...who support this"	1
what about ur gujarat massacres ?? remember u peaceful  hindu fanatics right wingers??	1
"I know you people of Nagaland  And Meghalaya hate bjp  But its the truth  2 lok sabha seats from those 2 states can't stop bjp  Assam and arunachal yes it matters  But these states are becoming strongholds of bjp day by day Including Manipur  Tripura  And sikkim"	0
He should be barred from Indian railways too. Isolate him. Who knows on next day he may start abusing TC or pantry people in railway. This should be done with everybody who misuse their power.	1
If eicher motor  can have high valuations  then why not nbfc like bajaj  finance	0
Guys Please help me to promote this page...Like this @ India Property	0
Omer Majeed why u abuse krishna ? krishna created prophets like muhmmad and u abused him ?	1
Shes right about nepotism but i do agree that she plays the victim card a lot	1
"Governor called but Singh was honeymooning with his wife in Goa, phone was switched off poor chap."	1
Superb if normal civilian of India deposits more than 2.5l amount I.t officials may question him but the bail is given to the fraudster who looted thousands of crore loan from banks awesome power and money makes  impossible to possible....	1
People Not Obligated To Stand Up When National Anthem Played In Movie Clarifies Supreme Court	0
Nilesh Sir..one soilid advice for a new comer in investment/ stock investment  field	0
sir BSE good share for long term..or MCX better...? :)	0
sir pls look at common people they are suffering u r dream of 50 days is not enough	1
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
Indian Express ur thought process is rusted.Instead of focusing on the achievement of the boy u people are concerned about him being a dalit.Achievements do not differentiate between dalit or general.	1
He is spot on.we hav had enough of liberals complaining abt sound pollution during diwali but always kept mum on this atleast sonu nigam had the gutts to speak out against something which he thought he was not okay with.i m sure there r thousands like him who r annoyed with azaans as well loudspeakers being played in pandals during hindu festivals.	1
"Wipro cons net profit up 7.2% at Rs 2,267 cr vs Rs 2,114.8 cr (QoQ)"	0
"8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee"	0
you peoiple has helped to divide India based oin religion and made Muslism country and destroyed India ---do not give lecture in Sanghi ok.	1
Y don't u bring political parties under RTI and IT	1
ABP : YOU ALL ARE SOLD. DESTROYING BUNKER IS NORMAL AT BORDER	1
"Complete elimination of Naxals & Terrorists is the only way out! Delaying decisive action may increase the risk of increased naxal & terror attacks & more communities turning Terrorists"	1
just for cheap publicity. KRK knew his stature is of a ditch worm so better to make atleast some by criticizing Bahubali2.	1
"""Ladies and gentlemen, family and friends, we are gathered here today to witness and celebrate the joining of -------------and _______________________________ in marriage. With love and commitment, they have decided to live their lives together as husband and wife....................................  cnbc tv 18 is the, above proof is good? ...for the wedding ceremony"	1
"Country would prefer to be looted for couple of months instead for forever....  Besides.... look at the bright side... it is a organized loot, not the unorganized like yours. At least current PM is trying to organize the system..."	1
"sir i want buy berger , idfc bank ,ntpc , ambuja which one preffer"	0
"Right! And parties like CPM, Congress, SP, who go out and blatantly ask for votes from a particular community promising goodies in return are obviously promoting communal harmony. Well done. You've cleared this level. Achievement unlocked: d1ckheadedness"	1
Shakshi MahaRaja is much better than both.	1
Very crisply explained to the viewers in a very simple terminology to all the age groups on this World Health Day. Nice.	0
But it seems the pill got  stuck ìn the throat of the doctor  himself!	1
"One side you like piece of sh_t moron keep on alleging bullsh_t matter without proof on Kejriwal and other way paid media telecast it like a ""Mangalyaan"" mission....that's what is the plane of you and your jhumla party."	1
"One thing i wonder about former RM LALU ji is how out of so many graduated RM,he is the only one to show profit in railways management eventhough he is illiterate.shame on other graduated RM.Your education didn't outperform a illiterate at all."	1
Demonitization has impacted every Sector by and large.though short term.	0
huge respect for your love to nation more than family.. Students of JNU & DU have learnt a lesson from this great Father. Finally terrorism has no family too.	1
Its a very serious issue if government is planning to make aadhar identity mandatory	0
It ll happening everyday for private buses need to reach on time so that they can make more money and trips. Since this video went viral actions has been taken and RTO had meeting with all private bus owners to stop this nonsense at least now.	0
Prakash Diwan...any surprising sectors for 2017 ? like sugar and paper for 2016...	0
WHERE DOES IT STAND IN COMPARISON TO 2013...PLEASE...? AND WHEN DID THE BOOM COME BECAUSE IN 2003 IT WAS AROUND 12000 IF I AM NOT WRONG...PLEASE CORRECT IF POSSIBLE...	0
We are using both way .....thx for ur valuable thinking CNBC ....let's see who enjoyed and will die	0
When you look this kinda secularism.. I wish to turn india to Hindu nation ...	0
"WTF is this??? How r v, the meritorious general category public supposed to survive???"	1
this time exit poll ans evm both are favouring bjp	1
Why pinned hope he never support kejri.	1
"Not the 6th... He is the 5th Indian PM to do so after, Rajiv Gandhi, PV Narsimha Rao, AB Vajpai and Dr. Manmohan Singh."	0
"It is the greatness of AK that he has not spoken a word against Anna. But Anna has been exposed and now i have a doubt about his mission, as even the neighbouring village is not following him."	0
"Since I am neither a follower of RSS nor Gandhiji, I am not a right person to judge.But killings/violence/wars are normal part of humans life history.We should accept this fact first ,and feel happy ."	0
"Brown Sahib , anti national leftist commies , media and Muslim pandering Hindu sick-O-Lars have milked ""secularism"" to all it was worth to render it into a mere failed slogan . Sick-O-Larism has been nothing more than continuation of British policy of ""divide and rule"" . That RSS is opposed to ""the idea of secularism"" , absolutely  because it has been used as a dagger into the heart of Hindus , Hinduism and Hindustan ."	1
how much are you guyz imapacted with this event ?	0
India does not need fake secularism and pseudo seculars.	0
"As you told most of the NRI does not have Aadhar no,  now what they should do"	0
"Sonia good time to buy irrigation stock ? Jain irrigation. Budget theme?"	0
"Save peoples madam, they will saves all  animals"	0
Just Dial rallied in the end ..Reason for so rally	0
There was a time when every Indians respected Anna...but nw entire India is ashamed of him...	1
Anna what the #### r u doing. Why no protest now	1
"See if you people need publicity come up in different ways... If you don't get chance in Bollywood films to sing do some extraordinary work and do publicity... Don't touch religious matter... We Hindu and Muslim, Sikkh , Christian have unity in India... We respect each other... Then why you pork in your nose in nonsense talks... If you still feel intolerance please leave my India asap."	1
Dont look like a bad person atleast in these pics...maybe media overrated that one issue...	1
It's sad....How in the long run they have ripped apart retail shareholders and they get away with. Essar Steel went from public to private....NRI shareholders not able to exit. No response from company.	0
"8 years bull run finish   Its time bear market  is possible sonia?"	1
"@ Prashant Singh , then go right now and stop the slaughter house at Utter Pradesh which is run by bjp persons,  and then how come india become beef exports in first place,,,,   You funny guy,,,,and un knowledgeable"	1
"What is Modi doing situation getting worst then under MMS High time he makes way to other capable PM candidates.How long will we wait for Ache Din"	1
"May be for u, anyone against your zihad is a terrorist. For me killing in the name of religion is terrorism."	1
Is it the right time to go for agricultural stocks	0
"Pakistan was involved in duplication of Indian Currency they were sending these fake currency in India to few traitors And now those traitors are feeling ripped off from their possessions Most of them are hiding behind our poor people and saying gareebo ko maar diya But actually these traitors are dying  #salutetoPM"	1
Dude pay in rouble if it still has value !!!	1
So you mean Pakistan conducted a surgical strike across the LOC?	1
This man is a shameful to Congress party soniya madem should lockout his fool from congress	1
Appalling to say the least at a time when consumption required a boost. Withdrawal of incremental CRR is a relief.	0
Good news. His attedance only is there to oppose  the policies of this Govt. particularly of BJP Govt. irrespective of any nature.	0
Doordarshan have become puppet of BJP and work according to their benifits.	1
#kejriwal was always right in joining politics you just be busy in making your image and be the next gandhi	1
cpi a fallen party and jnu a scandalous institute and kanhaiya the son born out of scandal activities	1
Jikku Abraham are there jobs no jobs and worst situation farmers suicude	0
cnbc is the bank of crank .........what cnbc tv 18	0
Person who himself has been thrown out from his post is advocating and giving expert opinion on international issues .	1
Any idea whether sugar stocks will do well ahead of the festive season?	0
Now after killing Bhogi had become Yogi And in process Yogi had become Bhogi	1
Sounds foolish. A poor girl or naive girl is an easy target...	1
Trump is the reason behind who shown this idea....😜	1
We want bike not this hair losser from side guy	1
A true muslim will always love his/her motherland. A false one will only ask Azadi.	1
NWO controls India - demonetization or cashless society. Wake Up - people of India. 6 percent of black money is in cash and 94 percent in other forms. Rich have the edge to launder their black money.  We in the USA have a 2 trillion shadow economy and a lot of small business just accept cash - IRS has no clue.	1
"Dominar launch made me 😪 , thanks for the lullaby 😝"	1
This ridiculous act.....it's illiterates people's works coz an intellectual people goes with honesty......stop such thing ever with the Indians ..... Cowardic organiser.	1
Pls some one do good for country appreciate  him.  Modiji doing good for us	0
Excellent highly recommend and very useful keep up the tempo	0
Modi is least bothered about this chap...teen talak will be banned...a strict law will come and make this kind of muslims straight...life of muslim womens will be secure after this law...	1
gteat !!! there is around 14 lakh crore in indian market ( black n white ) i think it will go up to 10 lakh crore rupees by the end of december. & what about  the rest 4 lakh crore !!!!  the black money will become just a waste. ;)	0
After ur speech I think black money holders also support u	1
"Sir, Bring in the policy one institution one account for every transaction. Every transaction done should be cashless. Nice move to change the indian economy. Convenience should be made for effecting this move."	1
Thw worst is yet to come	1
When ur son is going to jail?	1
"Bikram Bohra ur likeness for Riya sen still intact?   Suraj Chowrasia"	0
Its like he has mugged up what he has to say	1
Interestingly u dint see the whole video cause u r paid to spead false propaganda	1
Grt speaking with you dude.....tc	0
How is Electric Power ipo ..Will it give good return..Want to know ur views ..	0
"Before demonetization, (i.e. 8th nov. 2016) when did you see any Minister, politician, IAS/IPS, big businessman(ambani, adani), film stars, MLA etc. in queues??"	1
"If you have any questions for Mr Prakash Javadekar, we will be happy to take them LIVE! Write to us in the comments section"	0
I hate you Sonu Nigam. You have showed your true colours to people.	1
"Very sad to hear these kind of words from her. You are very write to say that the time one spends with her child is most precious but you are forgetting that every working mother is trying to also spend quality time with their kids and fulfill their essential needs, which in your case is not a matter of concern."	1
dnt teach ground reality....the govt hv to tell how much time they need to change the law..we need action not assurance	0
Only supporter of bjp annaji	1
"But now that Modi campaigned, you will get wiped out."	1
"See guys he's actually right if i like some kind of music i won't be playing it on loudspeaker in train,ill be using earphones.And prayer s are made from heart not on loudspeaker."	1
"wOULD BE NICE IF YOUNG GENERATION ON THE PANEL DISCUSSION, IN STEAD OF POLITICAL PARTIES .. COMMON MAN CAN UNDERSTAND THE EFFECT THE STEP..."	0
great news....handling a brand called TATA is not any ordinary baniyas job....	0
"What are you doing Hazare ji? Why you are keeping mum now. You were shouting your lungs out till BJP came to power. Do you think now India is completely free of corruption?"	1
lal killa which you host your flage don't forget us we Turkish build and no one copy that haritage	0
"I'll not b surprised if nifty touches 15k.... APJ Abdul Kalaam sir's thoughts r coming into live... India the superpower by 2020...."	0
Well first of all muncipal corporation need to keep cows off the streets. Its cows owner's responsibility.	1
All the best guys... Looking forward to following budget with you.	0
This is incredible india for you they are busy protecting animals lol	1
"AK is a daring person who always has learnt from his mistakes,he has the guts to apologise and win his supporters back even after immense bitterness,this is his charm,what he endorsed was logical no matter from whosoever it comes....lets see if any of bjps big guns has heart to endorse this!"	1
Even if didn't create fuss m sure y guys will	1
It is gr8 tactics of Anna Hazare to remain popular in Media....	1
"Oh That why he first visit India after referendum not Pakistan. Even he knows that relationship between India and Turkey will help Turkey, Not Pakistan. 😂"	0
"Look who is talking ,  A shemale who wants to dethrone Arvind kejriwal ji at the behest of crappy BJP."	1
#ExpressBlog I confess Hillary Clinton was not the greatest opponent you could have faced.	0
Hi SIR TELL ME ABOUT MARUTHI? CAN WE EXPECT SOME CORRECTION???.	0
Why should they not cry...???	1
There are  no two power centres in the centre at present .As was during your rule.Hence govt is performing well. Beyond your imagination.	1
"What is good government  Central government needs to make 5 crore government jobs with in 2020 then only we build the strongest economic development what is good budget 1$= 50 Rs , Gold 1 gram - 1500 Rs, Diesel 1 liter -- 25 Rs ,  petrol - 1 liter - 50 Rs  GST rate- 5%,10% 15%, 20%."	1
"This ""President"" of the INC should be thrown out first for his profane and nonsensical utterances in the course of the poll campaign. He tried to match Pappoo sentence for sentence in absurdity... and the result is there for all to see !!"	1
Jio has changed the way we Google. Thanx to jio	0
I'm not a salman fan mate but i think you are a fan of zee news nano chit in 2000 notes and lets not talk about intellect here coz people who have low intellect judge people based on their choices	1
"What is this,  you can't even spell our Respected PM's name???  #namo"	1
Sounds less like a bike launch and more like someone's strangling a cat!!!	1
"when your brain is clay , then customer can shape your brain -amanico"	1
PNB and Sbi ; are they heating for new highs	0
Yes do it. Atleast some people might go cashless after that.	0
Like eating meat everyone has right to his wife whether to keep or not	1
"Accountability is of prime importance  Punish who underperforming & recover loss   Pat the good Kick non performer  Babus are not accountable even for lacs of crores of NPA  They should be treated as a traitor because they have cheated the nation   Col Lamba"	0
Sonu Ji is pitching for bharat ratna award from Modi Govt next year.  Congrats in advance sonu Ji	1
s there more pain  fr real estate sector ?	1
Frank Lopez.  Christianity is the established religion in these United States of America.	0
RSS is on right track	0
if sc st bc mbc have rights to have reservations then Muslims also have rights to have separate reservation since the social status of muslims is lower than bc and mbc. if reservation is not required then give equal free education to all community	1
"Who doesn't understand your thoughts they have brain tumour, they never understood"	1
"Basically Neerat, choices should be respected, whatever they are. No one is lesser be it a homemaker or a woman who manages both work and home.  Her saying, ""Misha isn't a puppy and I won't leave her alone"" portrays working women as having fun when they step out of their homes.  Besides these days everyone has a problem with everything. :D"	1
It was a neutral video. News chaapne ke liye kuch bhi?	0
Modi has chopped congress into 4 pieces ...what a speech	1
What about those kala dhan which got from bjp people any action perky. In short only poor people suffering problems cash less those can't operate mobile what you are you expecting from them	1
this movies shooting in Pakistan Kashmir................	0
"Another nail by BJP on eating habits,as he f all them BJP do not eat or drink"	1
"Watch this man will perform , he will be a task master and will root out corruption from top to bottom ,"	1
"Quota or no quota, atleast he holds a genuine degree...not a fake degree holder like PM and Irani... So lets not go down the degree lane... U vl b shamed"	1
Vijay Goel felicitated the blind cricket team for winning the Blind T20 Cricket World Cup and announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh.	0
where can nifty end its collapse ? any idea sir ...brexit levels r almost here	0
"💻 :)🐶 🙌 India🌺 TV💩 EID🌴 MUBARIK🐟 M3RI🐟 JAN😸 📱 :)😢   :* Add Kar Lo Sab :)  Just Now Lo Aur Do :) AdD clOse krO  India TV :D Tuesday : 2 - May - 2017 :3 PYTHONS BOT TEAM <3 -=[QASIM RAJPUT]]=- India TV -_- :)  I Am On Fire :)  1 menit :D 3 detik :v  <3   Bot  By  Waqas Ali <3  PYTHONS <3 B0T T3AM <3 <3 SIT3 <3  PYHTONS-IOS.TK  <3"	0
"For My Muslim Friends....Plz do not vote for SP....If U vote SP then UR vote will be divided between SP and BSP....So, better U vote for BSP...... Otherwise, BJP in Power......Now choice is URs.... BJP + MIM Internal alliance......"	1
Do you think bank nifty will hit life time high in this series ? And how much will market fear for a war or you think market will move on go for a new high ?	0
You are absolutely right .... data will drive development in our country	1
Its Same Old trick. Raising voice aganist BJP makes you antinational.	1
"JP group is a closed chapter . However they may try , they can not repay debt nor have they assets to match debt . Let us see what action Modi govt takes ?"	0
India has become a leading country in mobile data usage: Mukesh Ambani	0
Please forgive us Modi. We cant take more jumlas.... enough!	1
"Shame on Shahrukh khan works block for Dr. Mahmoud Baluch today  https://twitter.com/national_baluch/status/859229013813940225  Shame on them that he loves the pakistan"	1
I absolutely agree with you sir.....but the condition is that these paid chamchas n our honourable ministers should b in the lead	0
It's a Japanese concept of capsule hotel. Since the population of Tokyo is very high they invented this concept	0
Can Escorts correct from here due to below avrg monsoon	0
"💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178"	0
50 days is over modi sir do something for money problem	1
Sikh should stay away from arm forces. Otherwise their families have to suffer for serving evil.	1
No way hindus can hate patriots like you Sir	1
"👱 Bot😫 Powered🐧 By👶 Rbn😄 Ramgarhia  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 ABP News♥ Ana Usama Bot ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ ABP News 🏥 comment Late  29 minute :D 48 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Rbn Ramgarhia  🏯 ❌ SITE: UnlimitedBot.Cf ❌"	0
Why will a bjp man join AAP	1
Hi guys ! Just wait for this session everyday @ 4pm :)  Do you'll think the budget rally has started?	0
Naseer Gani... Say me one place where you hear bhajans every day with full voice...	1
"Accepting from others generally leads to disappointment.If Anna has real ability, he can produce many kejriwal.It may be possible that kejriwal may himself have left illiterate Anna in present political conditions . Only week people repents."	0
RSS should be declared a hindu terrorist organisation.	1
Pity you still don't see through this fraud AK. As he doesn't hold any portfolio in Delhi cabinet why doesn't he relinquish the CM post and continue as the convener. No one will question his spending time in Goa & Punjab for party campaign then	0
It look like dis pig be taken big amount from bjp. Daily come up with new drama. Wat was he doing from last 2 years. After sack and kick from minister suddenly he realised about 2 crore land scam foreign trip etc. When he was enjoying cabinet he didn't even hasitate to use psychopath and ch*Tia in public domain to attack BJP.	1
I would again plead to your acumen...Go beyond what is being shown.. You are being misled.	1
"Anna Hazare sponsored by  BJP against Congress , now ask him where his agitation / Dharana in favour of Lokpal"	1
"see all the common man after from today 45days than I agree with you, still in india 50% people do no what is money now they will know atleat what is money were it comes and how to handle it. only rich people becoming richest and they all know the technology updation what about poor you want all poor should be poor for ever and please allow them to go bank and they are 1000 of scheme for them announced by govt not only NDA even UPA it never reached them atleast now it reach them"	1
It is the biggest fraud. A girl student living on rent prepared an Adhaar card on my adress but she was a resident of Bhiwani. She got married and got the registration of her car on my address. When the card came on my address I refused to accept it that she does not live here no penal action was taken against her.	1
"He is considered to be hardliner.By appointing him CM ,BJP is going to give the message it is serious about the construction of Ram Temple at Ayodhya."	1
"why didn't they asked Modi ji ,on loosing in Delhi , Bihar and Punjab?"	1
This was bound to happen. TheInternational court does not allow death sentence to be carried out.	0
The bhaiya belt people mp up Bihar Rajasthan certainly need a lesson from the Mizos	1
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
she is a female terrorist...	1
markets wil be in a range & the trend remains lower.	0
"If stay in country then will know the reality: http://indianexpress.com/article/india/4-odisha-police-personnel-killed-in-maoist-landmine-blast-4502886/"	1
U cannot compare Ganpati to Azan.Ganpati comes once a year and Azaan 5 times a day every 365 days!! Azan starts from 4 in the morning it's obvious that non Muslims and even some Muslims wd find it inconvenient to get their sleep disturbed!! And not give that shitt excuse that Azaan is only for 2 mins.2 mins is enough to disturb morning sleep and indeed ruin the entire day due to lack of sleep!!We support Sonu Nigham👍👍	1
Hence proved silver has 3 times the value of bronze well they deserve  it anyways	0
"1). Rule says that loudspeakers should not be used between 10pm and 6am.  2)""If Muslims have the right to give azaan, non-Muslims have the right to sleep peacefully."" High court verdict"	1
"Now time has come to finish the Pak from the map of world, this is the better time every young man of Hindustan wants to finish the Pak by Hook or crook."	1
She's probably tryn to get the limelight she hasnt got.. after all she's a commoner.. n by d way work plus family can only b handled by educated n talented women and she's definitely not d one. Its btr for her to be a homemaker	1
This is Hindu terrorism .You have defeat this .And this is lesson for Indian Muslims .who became coward puppet after partition .	1
"Hammad Ahmed don't u think this 1 truly a surgical, which enemy claims while we don't"	1
Dear Chinese media thank you for your advice first take care of yourself we INDIANS knows what to do	0
He shouldn't be sing anymore o think his fed up now looooool	1
"Bjp should not waste time in kerala ,, keep that state in hold ,, take it in last or before turn of the list."	1
Don't encourage youth for rash driving. You idiots make sale but people loose lives. Just check with the records number of bike accident take place in India.	1
"Dude, go back to spelling class moron, I spelt kujliwal"	1
"Good that this plan has been taken into consideration, but why not proper planning ?"	1
LOL who is trying to go to kuwait????	0
what happening to reliance industry  even after good result	0
@ Abhay Singh Have you heard about phoenix bird rising from the ashes...? GOOD LUCK MAN...🙂 FROM KERALA - A PROUD COMRADE	1
Same goes to u son of a pros hahaha	1
She got chance to explain ....Buffalo Trader with receipt get lynched.......welcome to modified india....	1
he told me straight away he shall not sign my mediclaim bills till as per his satisfaction thanks to Stanley menses he sorted out my diffrences an put sense I dr bhagwati  so I was disharged	0
"Haha,  now this is gross"	1
The main issue behind these shameful acts is radical Islamic mindset .....islam can't digest any other religion this is a fact and it can't be overshadowed by some fake excuses....	1
Why have we not questioned the corruption by previous government from the time we achieved Freedom. I am a common man and salaried. I have been using my debit card and bank account for transactions...dont blame it on this man who has the guts....	1
And as you're from Kashmir. That's enough you enlightened yourself. -_-	1
Have control over your language .Mr Mohammed.you are vomiting venom?	1
How about we ignore you	1
duster for sale ...erase the old story in the board	0
my simple question is what happens if people hold 100 and 50 denomination ....it is better for government to change all currency	0
Every thing is gud but 2000 rs note is big challenge for govt	0
When Congress in ruling Modiji always talking about soldiers death what happened now.	1
Lol Indian army 🐶pig army ha world 4 largest and 4 time greater  can't fight with  Pakistan  😂😂	1
Wow! She can don this when she goes for shopping.	0
Good...more Muslims around the world should emulate the majority of Muslims in India.... throw away your love for terrorism + violence and show more love towards himanity like the Indian Muslims	1
No need for 2000 notes..it will soon get  trapped in d coffers of polluted ppl.	0
This is totally unacceptable plz modi ji do something or give resign from your position. Don't give too big 🍋🍋 to Indian public.	1
"Truly, today PM and Amit Shah (who is out on bail) proved that they are experts in jumlabazi and in spreading lies by replacing the word pineapple with coconut."	1
"it's coward like  u who backstab .... just wait and watch .. u forgot the day when 2 lakh porkis soldier were freed from India ... by the way what r u doing in indian news channel , dont your country have your own channels ?"	1
After vailed attempt to be re-elected.. he is compelled to make such statement.. no takers	0
Akhilesh was already in Contact with Congress and JDU for an alliance in UP polls.	0
Two bad days... In the long run demonetization is good for the market	0
"Failures are necessary from time to time, it makes us stronger and motivates us to work again harder... #withteamindia #VK"	0
Hindus? Have I ever asked you to leave India? You seem to have same irrational and generalising tendency of bhakts. Don't generalise blaming all the hindus.	1
Pakistan always lies and denies the barbaric acts committed by their army for mobilising international support.	1
Lok sabha has become fish market with congress and other party leaders...so he felt they don't deserve his explanation on demonetization... people with black money will only give negative comments...we are enjoying your pain you black money idiots... 😀😀😀😀	1
"At least some one raised his voice over this. Anyone an pray , but using loudspeaker and for everyday 4time. That is not just acceptable ."	1
"Earlier also he threatened in the same manner,put this chap behind the bars."	1
I think.it will be someone with no family ties this time.	0
He is pimp of bjp	1
I bet no punishment will be given to that women. After all she is innocent according to our legal system. #hailwomenempowerment #hailgenderbiasedlaws #hailnarishakti #hailfeminisminindia.	1
"Winning elections is not important but living upto expectations of citizens.  These days people blindly vote for religion not development frankly speaking we need activists of all like minded people who want to experience unbiased development these group of activist should keep a legal check on POLITICIANS, beurocrats to see they are functioning properly and not squandering public money.  This is  only way to save our country from religion based and corrupt politicians"	1
"the effect to economy is reflected by the markets first, see how the markets have fallen from past 10 days, and how GDP forecast is being cut down, its an clear indicator that the decision taken is goin to cost a lot in terms of future growth and the INR is getting weaker day by day at some point of time will vertically spike inflation"	1
And whom do these policemen share the spoils with ? Donald Trump? Or Justin Bieber?	1
Its too much now BAJAJ. Waited for almost 3 years now on top of this this hymns !!!	1
Guard of Honour will be given to jadhev at DELHI'S Airport😉	1
Government is weak. Not taking strong actions against these anti nationals.	1
"ABVP shout anti national slogans in camouflage to malign the great institution, and hence police, NIA never arrest them. Vindicated for its seriousness of greatness."	1
@ Cyrus you seems to be a straight kind person. May face some difficulties yet I do believe n completely Support your views.	0
How do you See future prospects of fmcg sector? Will rural economy be the major force going forward..?	0
So dumbfuck idiots like u want all changes in 2 months government ... Wow	1
Legally inherited which has been acquired out of explained sources is neither chargeable to tax under existing provisions nor under proposed amended provisions	0
Ak is most stupid person born on this earth	1
Modiji lets focus on the Employment and Controlled Privatization along with Demonetaization	1
What will be the all time high in the near future ?	0
So will the market surge tomorrow ... the fed meet outcome is anyways priced in ....	0
"Before you lose 5 minutes a night, now it'd be more."	1
actualy they all are bhakts :D	1
"Competition for royal Enfield, OMG ha hahaha, who cares, both the companies are losers, bajaj can't even manufacture their own engines"	1
These opinion polls are one way pri paring  the mindset towards one party. When polls show one party up so man things why should I wast my vote to giving to other party I should also give my vote to where all are voting.	0
"Sonu nigam when u do concerts and do stage shows then also u use loud speskers and mikes....that isn't noise pollution for you...U have hell lot of money make ur house sound proof...dnt commment on anyones religion wheather its muslims , hindus ,Sikhs or Christians...from now I will bycot ur songs and ur concerts..."	1
Big slap on V. Prasad's face. Rightfully. CongratulationS #AICC	1
Please advise Latha to shorten her unnecessary and useless lecturing. She is one of the most boring. Sonia is excellent.	1
"But 1 thing.. whatever you say or think.. Sir Modi ji was very right. He is right  and he will     always be right"	0
@PM Ji please Bain news broadcasting in security operations T&C	0
In 70 years there is a man whom we proudly can say our PM.	0
"go for enfield, bajaj is good for chetak, i am looking for old bajaj chetak"	0
"O you presstitutes, where were you when Hindus were attacked in West Bengal ?"	1
What the hell is happening	1
"We put Trump in the White House We can Put Starbucks out of business They want to hire refugees over Americans go 4 it!"	0
only two months needed to be terrorist?	1
Send cow vigilantes to the border it will help both end😂😂😂	1
Yes rss against secularism ad u communist are very secular like destroying india..making antinational agenda..👍🏻	1
It's better to buy reliance shares...It will be increases more in near months!!!!	0
Waiting for you to come back as the same person	0
many states have implemented lokoal ..has corruotiin ended?? it was all drama popularised by RSS for its own benifits	1
"On the other hand Reliance Jio is giving for 3k - 3 months subscription to Unlimited calling (STD, Roaming), Unlimited 4G (this means actual 4G speed).  Oh and wait, they extended this plan from 3 months to 4 for the early customers.  Airtel has got to lower their 4G/3G rates. For 1599 just 5GB internet? :|"	0
Defence minister should resign now n we need PARIKER back plz.	0
Come on bajaj. There's a bike to launch. Cut the trash	1
"Why only Muslims get such letters, not Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhist, Jains, Jew or people belonging to any other religons?"	1
Call in the airforce and bomb the hell out of dantewada	1
"Sayed M. Raza u son of a ugly porki ***""** why don't u start this triple Talak practice in your country Pakistan. And why r u staying in America u suvvar?"	1
Requires a model with comfort of cruiser. Please reveal mileage	0
Doggy should be sent to pakistan for talks with hafeez massood ajhar Isis and dawood.  They will send him to his dear osamaji	1
Salute to this father.. He is setting an example. Now we can proudly say terrorism has no religion.. Why the sikulars and naxalites quiet now who came in heavy support for afzal guru and yakub menon.	1
If cash disbursal was managed then black money could not be removed.	1
India has a big advantage in the new digitised world: Mukesh Ambani	0
It means that AAP will change modi bashing tactics to different politics as they lossing one by one elections . SImple politicshere	0
Aah.. what is the agenda that a news co asks users to share only this particular issue!??	0
Shirish Kunder is one of those unemployed useless character who is surviving on his wife's income!!	1
Its amazing indian army accept pakistan army enter 250 meters under indian territory and kill two indian jawan and 2nd end pakistan army not accept this if its true then indian army also claim he enter in pakistan territory for operation and start celebrating its surgical strike	0
You deserve sir . Congrats.. we look forward to see you & our company on top of world of communication.  Have a nice day sir......VR	0
"Belongs to people and employees, Reliance employees may see a huge bonus ! If not then shame on you. With the right politician on your side banking will be Reliance soon as well. Congratulations!"	0
How is long for Tata Motors? I am a student who wants to invest all my savings	0
Zubair khan u r duffer from Porkistan. Even naxalites in India r moozlims.	1
More hatred more crime if usa is not vacated by foreigners	1
"No queue.. No Trouble..   I think this one is a best sold media.. Best presstitutes (prostitutes are better then this blady press)..   Shame less reporter"	0
Which company in IOT - internet of things??.. also anything with the view of budget .. real estate or infra and epc??	0
"O Lala  This is the beginning"	1
No he didnt try...he did it for up elections😒😑	1
Most of remote village poor people won't be able to get digital..because of poor Internet access facility..	0
"They never admit their crooked deeds.  & don't believe them, they are rogues."	1
At least Pakistan didn't honor them with awards like India did for advani	1
This ban has been in place long before Trump ever considered being resident; he just followed though with it and enforced the law unlike Obama who ordered that law enforcement couldn't carry out the laws we all voted into place.	0
"Tibet, Xinjiang, Taiwan and south china sea should be topic of your political commentary not Indian Navy."	0
Education has become a business too.	1
God help us .. if he gets a chance to become pm	0
Communists live in fools' paradise thinking that people will agree with Vijayan' s definition of secularism. He has no religion! Secularism should mean equal importance for all religions.	1
Dont worry Kajol. You will not be lynched. You are not a muslim.	1
#BJP please be aware that you don't get yourselves shutdown in Kerala in this process 😂😂😂😂	1
"Who is going to be affected, he wil bark, but not a common man. Digital India is possible from Modi Ji alone. Dream is coming true."	1
"Dont Blame on Religion.    India is a religious Country.    Be careful"	1
"Nothing new on it. Indians only gossip, take action instead of spreading failures"	1
Anti national indian express..........Stop this crap	1
communism bootlicker of china r finished from every part of nation except kerala & tripura soon they will go down 0 in these states also...... from killing human being to animals only these justified their ideology from marx lenin mao che to every naxal in india they have only killing in mind................	1
"""I am pained by the Shunglu Committee report...He (Kejriwal) has dashed all my hopes."" Do you think Anna Hazare made the right decision? Share if you agree!"	1
See now u dont respond....	0
Not sure whether it's a bike launch or exorcism !	1
Wrong decision..... this rules only for poor people and reach people's are always rock	1
"Very bad direction to corporate world and need young talent to run the companies like tata not family:( see the american companies like Microsoft and Google give opportunity to young people to run the company, I really don't understand this kind of moves and more importance to family :( sad decision by tata group"	1
Isro copied my face book technology ---as simple as that	0
hi anuj.frm now its a sell on rally concept.wat if 8700 nd 8550 breaks ..wat is the logical support if those levels broke?again 100+ pak terrorist are on the boarder of india to strike our army .wats your view?	0
Cheating is everywhere..Modi is far ahead..how he has been declared	0
India trying to miss lead international community  regarding loc cross firing	1
look like porkies dont have any media..only crying in indian pages😂😂	1
India is killing his own people & says this done by Pakistan	1
Disagree all you want. Don't attack those you don't agree with. This shows your rant and intolerance.	1
"If people dont support and think he is not a good PM  Then who do you want to be PM  The chota bheem lover Rahul So that he can telecast chota bheem on DD😂 Or Kejriwal to Blame Trump or Putin on India's failure"	1
Morons... they muted the exhaust note with that pathetic music	1
best story teller award ...indian goverment and opposition parties ...awards can be  presented by cnbc tv 18	0
We are proud of you Sir..Hope Army/BSF takes revenge without GOI's permission	0
"Private school salary , on register 25700/- but given to cash only 8200/-"	1
When will take him and give similar treatment... most deserving !!	1
For which accounts this policy applicable for saving accounts or current accounts???????????	0
"Can you provide the list of bjp promises and work status.....??  If you can't than plz..Than 1st of all complete your work  And compare both....."	1
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-	0
it not mean we are saying all muslims we are saying anti government muslims and anti national muslims are no more indians	1
Maximum no. Of politican is caught having black money at home is related to BJP on that what PM is taken action	1
Sir bhaubali is such a movie which cannot express the fantasy of the movie.it was a really wow movement in the theater .rajmouli is the ever best director in the world please give him a Nobel prize	0
Indian express you are too funny	1
what about sterlite technolgies Digital move is threr any effect and about adani ports	0
"RSS is a Only national interest and secularists , other all anti Hindu and anti nation. Instruction coming to CPM  from outside India, and Congress from missionaries , PENARAI VIJAYAN CAN YOU TELL US Y YOUR PART SPLIT 1960."	1
"n the name of religion Christian people never kill anyone ,Isis  call Alla before killing people ,can we call them human ,!?absulutely not they r animal"	1
So what if he's a great singer?	1
Stay with a difference !! POD that's something new .. like really new !! Priyank Bhardwaj u can not miss the action 😊	0
WHere is their Booze? :D	0
Hello people.. did you all read everything..? It's says President of the Divided States of America...not United states of America...🤔🤔🤔	0
haha INDIAN ARMY fighting war in songs and movies.	1
Now the barath  jalavo party will come up with new version  of development.	1
Aap party seats should be zero. Kejriwal is Biggest naatakbaaj in political history	1
You and your wife could be the perfect brand ambassadors for a sex change clinic btw.	1
But. Jio is good But....I wish That It would be more better if it singnal strength is good at Villages and Urban Areas??	0
Don't u think u r going too far u Son   of a B****........#Nigam	1
I'm a class 11 student... I want to ask the government....What the hell is happening??	1
wat will be the trigger for a correction ..liquidity or politics?	0
What happened deleted comments may be he is spying for CIA	1
Anil ... do u understand ...how Mistry can continue where he has asked to move out	0
Our soldiers are sacrificing their life for our nation and our national party is celebrating do u not feel necessary to postpone this event in respect of our brave soldiers	0
Cowerdly act heneios crime by swines of our unlawful neighbours it's high time to teach a lesson.  We trust our hero's of  national forces and the govt	1
Solders r martyring        rath will stop in 2019	0
She will elephants to all. Idols	1
Very true. Ratan Tata returning shows a poor corporate policy	0
"They even deny that they have lost all the wars fought against India so what else can you expect from a terrorist producing country?  Let 'em bark, we don't give F"	1
"Bank Nifty is unable to break the resistance at the higher levels,  is it the sign of consolidation or weekeness creaping in?"	0
New entrant for the market.. advice few shares to be in portfolio	0
then y u r not aggree to be under RTI	1
Guys chk KTM Rc 8 ook---- royal Enfield looks like baby	0
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
You are great n no doubt we are with you	0
Bro you studying law that's good. But calling a terrorist a terrorist doesn't require study of law.	1
We have enough support already . Turkey isn't our ally more like a traitor & have come to solve Kashmir issue lol	1
haha...incompetent MP couldn't even state his views without reading it from a papers probably written by somebody else for him	1
"Is this another managed story,just to defame DT??? When it's journalism, anything is possible!!!"	1
"Even he knows that relationship between India and Turkey will help Turkey, Not Pakistan. 😂"	0
I think he should stay silent for few years 😀	0
"I think it was an alien,  who,  acted well In. Pink.   You butthurt.  😂"	1
Expect the budget to be populist from a consumer point of view: Rajiv Memani	0
do not sell this news ..all ready purchased ..we cannot do repeat purchase ...waste of time	0
Those released on Saturday ask: ‘Why are we being treated like criminals?’	1
"Leave Muslim , what Hindus will eat???"	1
"According to figures released by the government in June 2016, more than 140,000 people were killed on roads in India in the year 2015."	1
"Internet is clearly saying that this 400cc dominos, i mean dominar cant go faster than 150 km/hour, where the 390 cc ktm can go faster than 175km/hour, and an enfield 500 can go faster than 150 km/hour."	0
"�   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB.GA «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
No value of Diggi 'S statement ...but anyway why poking his nose in pak affairs ..	1
"We were using Cola n Pepsi for toilet cleaning n it worked!!!! But after some days due to cola effect toilets tiles got more vulnerable... Now SBI wants from us to drink this holy water as a part of digital revolution!!!😜😜😜"	1
"Kumar is because of kejriwal otherwise he will be zero not hero He is big fraud"	1
"Wolf in Sheep's clothing.  Keeps threatening to go on a strike against the Center for not implementing Lokpal but has not sat on  a dharna for a single day. Hypocrite. His dreams of BJP coming to power in Delhi and Punjab have been shattered by Kejriwal."	1
Wonderful reply by PMMODI. No opposition can stand with him in intelligence.	0
Govt does not want to do anything to erode the morale of start-ups: Electronics & IT Secy	0
"Its all fack.....Show me ....with actual....evidence not just written.... In many .....Wrong things also...in Qraan...too...MC....."	1
Set alarm in your house. Why ring doorbell in other houses?	1
thank you Mr. Eric for kind support	0
Just notice the names of persons who are speaking against modiji.... v will cum to know wat community do they belong to....modiji v indians r wid u	1
Nothing my dear. You lost your husband and only you will suffer life long and your family with you. Others will just do the lip service. God bless his soul to be rested in peace	1
ARE ANY OF THE AVIATION STOCK CAN BE A PART OF PORTFOLIO FOR LONG TERM?	0
I love the name 'Gita'. Hope it is allowed through airport securities at other nations.	0
ex pm spoke jst wt he has to speak as opposin member.other than ntng	0
In times of crisis u can only save yourself and your family not the entire humanity 😊	1
The company should be held responsible and should pay for the loss of the people's privacy.	0
correct sir.. backward leader consider backward caste as their fixed vote bank and by getting some vote from forward caste they will win their election so if they raised this point which is happened in GATE exam then their politics will be in trouble...and most of our backward  leader are unaware about  gate exam.....	1
he is great actor but not match as a bheema	1
posts  about entrepreneur are why  everyone loves   facebook	0
"Vinod Wangnoo , yes I can see that."	0
A way to cause destruction between the pious relationship between Hindu brothers n Muslim's such coward people don't deserve to be here... peace hater's.... instead of banning loudspeakers u should try to impose ban on alcohol 'a social evil which u drink on large quantity... u should ban on nudity  of Bollywood movies which cause increase in social crime....	1
Made in russia just painted in india 😂😂😂😂	1
Yeah I'll take a venti caramel IED and a grande vanilla bean shoe bomb	0
No he didn't. But you might be the offspring of an Indian soldier who had a good time when we invaded in 1971.	1
You can't spend an hour with a puppy and rush off to work :x	1
May b he shud take a break tour to pak wit iyer.	1
Fed said that they will further hike interest rates in the next year...Do you think Indian markets will try to factor that?....	0
Bjp big win in UP and form govt in Uttar Pradesh and uttarkhand	0
"What is this new wave of feminism? Man, these are the kind of useless people who make stupid ill - informed statements and give feminism a bad name. Also, I like being aggressive, since when is she authority on that."	1
"that is true with USA policy @ philipine, Iran,Iraq are some example."	0
will support if you have guts to take decision of taking digital political contributions...if not other atleast your party start this...	1
Udhav has not much on his cards... Lost his charm	1
Plz tell manmohan won which election....u made him pm....but no one cried	1
"Byyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeee india!!! Bangladesh Wins by 5 wickets. ASIA CUP FINAL - 22 MARCH PAKISTAN vs BANGLADESH"	0
Keni Siezo Punyu sakshi maharaj have no public support...yogi is the leader of purvanchal	1
Neel please provide proper legal proof that is in line of your argument. Otherwise you may land up in jail for commenting on pm with false allegations. Are you ready?	1
"Why wait till 11 March, why not appoint rulers through News Agents, why waste crores in voting."	1
"Keeping mum in assembly and speaking in the family and public rally.,. Great!!!!!"	1
"Well China we will hv a good a economy if we ban Chinese products  So that's what u want huh😎"	0
Untill defence & civil aviation make combine effort issue doesn't resolve easily	0
"Bank nifty cracked today,  where is it going now?"	0
Yes we  remember u r biggest terrorist country in the world..& u will do anything against humanity !!	1
"and worse than all this is the situation which they have made of j&k in last 3 years, they have worsen the situation of kashmir valley by multiple folds."	0
"Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity."	1
Mr Roongta ... Gold should be part of the portfolio of Indian NOT because of the 'social use' BUT because for an INDIAN household gold is the ONLY asset to diversify against the Rupee/Depreciation RISKS	0
I was buying Wockhardt stocks for Rs 1200. Today quote Rd.715.. but now I cannot sell for losses.	0
The moment he is questioned on anything.... he simply looses his cool and start his election speech.... 　 .... He didnt have any proper answers to substantiate his tall claims about #Demonetization so he has to say something inside the house..... I think he must be given every chance to speak within parliament which will expose him more n more....	1
"How can I believe this is indian page ! So many porkis are here ! What's the matter , why they barking ? Oh yes , they don't have any page ."	1
Group of anti  Modi politicians can not find a better choice?????	0
Correption made essy becouse  2000rs note are big amount as compaire to 500rs and 1000rs.	0
"BJP will not do anything to protect women in MP and Rajasthan top listed rape State ,but talking about giving justice in UP"	1
modi should learn from great leader still busy saving cows and killing innocent	1
All this data given by congress is useless we have to take stern action against these millitants	1
The video had gone viral on social media platforms in November last year.	0
"If this news is to be believed, the Pakistani army is not following the military ethics at all. Thank you"	1
Is the cyrus mistry tata fight a gimmick to pull the markets down	0
U can ignore him.. bt Indians can't becoz he's the most recognisable and talented singer in Indian film industry.. and if u aren't aware about that.. then better u keep ur mouth shut..	1
Yes very true i am also dissatisfied customer of airtel	0
#BJP turns all attention towards religion to hide their failures	0
"No Modi Wave is Anti criminal Anti Corruption Anti Terrorist Anti Mafias Anti Trople Tallak Amti umauthorised bitchrts Anti scams Anti black money"	0
This is not our botheration . More such decisive judgements should come where the environment & climate change issues are involved . These damages cannot be reversed by any artificial means	0
Kejriwal is only hope in politics.annahara baseless	1
"Anna, unfortunately, has lost all credibility. He has conveniently forgotten the Lokpal bill.  He is saffron under the skin. Kejriwal on the other hand transformed the face of Indian politics. The major parties have quietly adopted everything he stood for."	1
Your comments reveal that who is that kind of persons .	1
Those ppl with swanky cars..big bungalow..extra moolah..to go for and buy designer labels...are sooo screwed....	1
Wow. If this happen i too will have my own soon.	1
why are they crying on stage?? coz of launching getting delayed?	1
Working on amending AAI Act to monetise AAI's land bank: Jayant Sinha	0
Anna Hazare had taken right decision not to join AAP under the leadership of Kejriwal who is a liar and joker in indian politics.	1
Nowadays children r far better than learning humanity than our pm	1
My diminishing respect for Anna is ends today	0
"Idiot bjp has won even in rajouri garden  Jaha paper trail use hua"	1
Bajaj doing a funeral for their bike cos its crap	1
"Lucas said that realistically, the best PSG can do to stop Lionel Messi is to not let the ball come to him at all."	0
David Clark just check the U.S. almanac and you will see where the U.S. has no official language or religion. Don't be stupid to argue if you don't know the truth.	1
Muslim are much socially economically backward..they really deserve it..n moreover its the matter of state not the centre	1
This bike is Gona b great...di issue will b aggressive pricing hope don't compromise with quality	0
"Whether slight mismatch in address blocks Adhaar Pan linkage?  Solution"	0
"Great work , people who don't support Modi are JOKERS and cartoons like Rahul G and Arvind K"	1
Cows are live stocks .Lynching for stealing cows by villagers happened in my state Odisha too & those were killed was Hindus. #NDTV should'nt paint this in communal colour.	0
Global IT spending expected to grow by 5% in 2017 & 5.3% in 2018 vs 2.8% in 2016: NASSCOM	0
"Nifty 5300 in 2010-11, 2016 we are at 8700. Don't you feel nifty racing towards 12000"	0
"Mr. Macchiwala, please have some sense. This govt has done so much better than Congress. Don't mislead people."	1
"By the way who is Shirish Kunder? Yeh..Yeh he is the same infamous guy, who got slap for SRK ? I wish he gets another slap from SRK on my behalf."	1
Bsf have no money to feed their soldiers but can spend so much on tribute to say good bye to a dead body.	1
You bankers deducted my money ₹ 560 from my account for online shopping and you are thieves not a bank.	1
The launch is boring as hell!! But the comments here are hilarious. Keep them coming lol!	1
Doctors should write brand name along with generic name: IMA President	0
"Go solar way , give 100% subsidy for energy ,it's a necessity"	0
"What bloody nuisance illwill person he's talking about , do some alien came from space on the LOC and committed this heinous crime."	1
Sir plz don't check up sarkar this is funy words	1
feel proud ✌️hats off you sir ! True inspiration! GOOGLE CEO AND BEING A TAMILAN ! Great!	0
"And the rich and comfortable parents' children are hardly admitted in sports school with certain exceptions. Those admitted are taken for granted at times. It is something like the poor children' s academy and it's hostel. Among thousand other factors, the athletes need good food."	0
Too many wwe fan boys. This genre doesnt mean 'undertaker'	1
Is BANKNIFTY approaching overbought region? What can we expect from Axis Bank tomorrow?	0
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-	0
although i like your chat but it bed experience as your server is not streaming it well ...	0
We are expecting more powerful Block Buster movies from Nation	0
Good luck. I am afraid whether it will work or not.	1
I want Trump to win the election coz I am a Bear!	0
Shore sirf shor hota hai	1
"this fellow has lost his mind completely, cant he simply say give quality education to everyone in india.why is he still living in india when he do not know caste in indian terms was occupation,and e termed caste word as antinational going to london, london economists are useless to india,india needs people who can understand india and not insult it"	1
I have to to say. I had a fuckall bachelor life.	1
Found validity in the comments made by founders on Rajiv Bansal’s severance pay: Infosys Chairman	1
Where  is mr feku where is 56 inch Seena	0
Anna Hajara should have joined BJP	0
why are they walking?? what hurry? where do they want to go??	0
"Mangalam, Amisha suggested about Thyrocare, I want to ask her opinion on Dr. Lal Path lab in same segment"	0
Joke of the day from a joker from Jokistan. Couldn't stop laughing. 😂😂😂😂😂	1
It is high time the Indian military to take some retaliatory strikes to check Pakistan from misadventures.	1
It will be beneficial for the Congress in India .	0
Important n needs follow up n check up in Masjids n their wrong messages in prayer time !	1
"Before leaving for Australia to attend volunteers meet, Mann clarified that he will come back before March 11."	0
This is happening in BJP ruled state. Shame on the adminstration	1
"#INDvsAUS  Ravindra Jadeja with his 3-22 from 18 overs has featured nine maidens and he might well bowl India to victory"	0
U always are liar Indians from #Gandhi To Modi U R Always Cheaters	1
MLA is no ruler ..This is democracy..There is due process of law . Get out of medieval mindset	1
Rest assured none targets you. You will go down under the weight of your illegal assets.	1
"_*Hats off to Modi he has shown the world that his chest is really 56""*_ *I am a proud Indian*"	1
Boldest move till date ... we are with you modiji	0
It's better to keep quiet if dogs are Barking for no reason	1
Car is good.. bt i must say.. i only heard 'aa.. aa.. aa.. aa..' from this host guy..	0
let our ulamahs anouce jihad for all and c the sea of jihadis againest amirican dogs	1
With latest scheme all politicians monies are saved . And there is no scrutiny no tax. I.t raids and harassment on common people only.	1
Baba always wants to encash the emmotional  atmosphere hes lost his sheen drastically dramatically.	0
Please stop giving the term SAHID for this kind of killings. This is clearly murder due to the weak approach of government. They are useless. Why can't they allow army to take the revenge after killing those rats.	1
"#WarOnBlackMoney | Some applause, some criticism!"	0
Sir I would be glad if u concentrate on reasons why actually citizens take up arms.	0
"It somehow seems strange how this quaint old man suddenly decides to speak only when there are elections around the corner, and that too only against Arvind Kejriwal. Why not the tremendous amount of good the AAP is doing among the really poor and voiceless Mr. Hazare? Or maybe you have not been told all that???"	1
"That means they accepted that they forcefully occupied Tibet and that makes some Chinese official sympathized with the Tibetan people for brutality and oppression they face thereafter. It is welcome news and hope China Free Tibet and live as good  neighbour for long time benefit for both. Tibetan buddhism which came from India now a days is really popular and many Chinese follow the religion,thus it can be their offering  in devotions."	0
Had she  not been shahid kapoor wife...she wouldnt have any identity with such mindset..	1
Prashant Singh shame of u bjp poori	1
We have a RBI policy on Monday. Ur take on tit.	0
Anti bjp groups are on paralizing mode....they cant recover ....going to be worst condition more n more	1
"Okk Rakesh Shah i agree wid u that it hurts old people, schools, animals everyone... Bt will mentioning a particular Community in frst two tweets, justified?? Are muslim people the only ones who plays loudspeaker?? i too feel we shud stop noise pollution, bt every human being shud make an effort not just Muslims.."	1
you have to laugh at these trolls mohsin	1
"Kajol clarified saying...she was eating aunty not Mommy.. go to her house.. you cowards.. and punish her, if you've guts.. hypocrites.."	1
it's a sports car or a joke......220 kmph and 6500rpm....lol i20 can beat it	1
Petrol ke price exceed kyu ho rahe hai? Why even after cash being seized	1
Buy Piramal enterprises strong buy tgt is ₹ 3500/- 😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯	0
Yaar NDTV instead of showing path how to make a good bill you are make it a drama...we dont admire you NDTV your are a fake channel	1
"Long term perspective is missing, u can not have 15 year horizon planning"	0
We will get revenge as soon as possible. Just wait and watch.	1
he makes more money in 1 hour than you make in entire year	1
Lolz... Best way to keep people away.  I'm sure people would be staying atleast 50 feet away from priyanka..	0
So Ratan Tata asking CorpEmployes to Drive Fast & Do Accidents 😂😂😂😂😂😄😄😄	0
"From here to where Udhav?  Beg before NaMo, a good idea."	1
Because these schools are owned by people having political background they will never bow down.. And the govt will keep its mouth shut regarding its fee.. Only common people suffer	1
U should raise ur voice for innocent kashmiris Richa Singh :)	0
No body is going to pay you attention when louder choices are thundering	0
They should start making Small Bank to One and Cooperative bank to be taken over by bigger banks...	0
Congress is bankrupt....they need to identify and develop new and young leaders...	1
DON'T HAVE ANY OTHER JOB REPLYING TO MY COMMENT..GO FOR WOK	0
another attention seeker after gambhir nothing else	1
"Thank God, he didn't join. It was due to Kejriwal's organising skills that Annahazere became famous.  Let him join BJP."	0
Ministry should reduce their expenses	1
Stop all loudspeakers. Practise your religion inside your home.	1
INDIAN MARKET REQUIRES GEAR LESS TWO WHEELER . ;NOT A 400CC BIKE WITH THE PRESENT DAY ROAD ACCIDENTS.	0
What about those who are stranded in Bihar and Ujjain flood????? How many crores for them....	0
"Doggy Raja will not come up... He is always want to alive in media by doing cheap publicity stunt ."	1
Prefer pics in pharma in large cap dr reddy or cipla or sun pharma or lupin for long term?	0
Yeah I read the Facebook post of a pseudo nationalist.	1
"What abt beef export bann ? What abt goa,north east ?"	1
"Exis Polls are carried out thru huge Payout to Media houses. BJP have enough resource under its arm after Note Bandhi.  So this exit poll, is just done for money, without moral responsibility."	1
What do you think about Emami and other FMCG stocks. Are they oversold?	0
Now AAPtRds will abuse anna hajare	0
"^^^^^^ Wow, if you are looking for someone who clearly knows NOTHING about Jews, look no further - Jeremy Mason is your guy!!! 😑😑😑 #antisemitealert #ignorant"	1
He is not getting elected again. Why is he making such promises?	1
I like your comment especially the last part lol 😂	1
mr parminder whom u refer to here in your comment	0
Omjay shree ganeah I nama Jay Mata ki Jay Sir change the worldwide every one single people life safefull life better life better Job's money or food's but go my way respect my God mom maa share wali vaishno Devi Merry Mata or me God is one bye thanks God by bye by	0
"But Swachch Bharat PR drama of your master has failed ? Ain't opportunist Canadian?  https://thewire.in/16474/why-swacch-bharat-type-schemes-will-fail-in-india/"	1
UN warranted comment from a public figure.....	1
Neither khujliwal nor this Anna is worth of anything..both are hypocrites	1
"Aiyaz Khan , If his achievemnts were so decisive and he was so honest he should have got more than just above teh 50% he got in recent vote."	0
Poor interpretation and misrepresentation of facts	1
"By using microphone and speakers are maybe disturbing sleep of people from other religions. As devout Muslims know their prayer timing, it is better to avoid using these speakers. There are so many Apps available now to remind the prayer timing.  While making comments to other's comments, please use good language. Abusive language should be avoided"	1
1.36 for non abs and 1.5 for dual abs exshowrrom delhi brilliant pricing	0
Nly if 1/10th of this money could be given to the athletes before Olympics	0
The increase in ST reservations is absolutely ediotic. Its more than the population proportion of STs.	1
Love the way she carries her dress in attitude ..Priyanka rocks!! <3	0
"Hurry! !  Register yourself on below link with your mob. No. And get the free worth recharges for that mobile no.  Its 100% true, try it.  http://ultoo.com/login.php?refererCode=302602E&flag=hide"	0
Talking like stupid.  Don't understand why some people follow him :(	1
Fortunate to have CBN as C.M. in the present critical  period	0
"Yes, we accept gift from masters but we can't accept charity from slaves...."	1
But it's a big decision and TATA need to clear the air.	0
"WTF, a ruling party is not allowed to have their office in the state, Anna Hazare dont know how many offices BJP, Congress, SP, BSP have in Delhi and in other states...."	1
This is despicable n only a pervert will do dis n d pakis r perverts.	1
Same headlines in all news reports... Ha ha ha..... Real yellow journalism.... The lines were decided by Amit shah and gang.... I had watched the entire vedio he had pulled the legs of all politicians including Modi many times and also central govt.... He was asking people to think beyond politics... That's all.... Not any vielded attack Arvind Kejriwal as you have mentioned...!!!!	1
I think process of replacing Mr.Mistry without informing him is not justified.	0
Bomb all the porky Army camps in the border...Right now...#deathtoPakistan...	1
"It takes quite a while for mkts to consolidate. If u want cash immediately, get married to someone in the Q and avail Rs. 2.5 lakhs cash. Don't forget to invite Bank Branch Manager for the wedding to enable confirmation!!!"	0
"A solidarity march that's political, Opportunist and useless."	1
He is really disturbed by the daily cacophony at a time when sound travels the fastest...	1
Every one shd ignore him because i think he is trying for popularity.....	1
its not shame For Pakistan Its A shame for us all the peoples of India Why Government Not Taking a Strict action .....Ho jaye ek baar aar par	1
"He is talking the markets up again. Leaking policy decisions which he might never deliver, am sure someone made a killing ."	1
Reasonable that we will have to triple airport capacity in 10-15 yrs: Jayant Sinha	0
Dear Lady my advice to you is Don't worry about such things because a average survival rate of penny politicians is less than 5 years.And you are going to be there for 30 years.	1
"final product is happiness , so winny do not search happiness in various form ...make it simple .....Rest in peace --Sir winston churchill ---> born1874 -died1965<------"	0
"we cannot stop crime against women by making Laws...Why we r not asking to wine...? why v r not asking to ban porn websites...? wine is the main cause of road accident, domestic voilence,rape & many big crimes.. what is the use of porn websites...?"	1
"THERE IS NO PLACE FOR U IN AAP CAUSE THEY HONEST AND HARD WORKING PEOPLE NOT OPPORTUNIST LIKE U"	1
And the whole incident took place when turkish president was in india  stop befooling ur own people mr modi	1
Rohit Sharma for super fools like uu beauty is definitely a parameter for respect.. Poor you!!	1
#ExpressOpinion | The elevation of Yogi Adityanath as chief minister of Uttar Pradesh is an odious and ominous development.	0
MUSLIM + AAPTARD= EXTREME AAPTARD!!!	1
Ideally all temples gurudwara church mosque must stop use of loud speakers. ...sometimes old people and small kids get disturbed by these loud noise......even ratri jagran with high noise must be stopped	1
Communist parties killed lacks of opponents in WB in 35 years ruling????? ?	1
No soon after we paid to reliance Jio the download speed has gone very worse than 2 G speed	1
Govt has to care of Army more than RSS . Else it will be RSS vs Indian Army  ?	1
This is all Modi's trick. He's trying to distract us from demonetisation.  Hahahaha	0
Brahma married his own daughter Saraswati remember!	1
"we use  cyclone  for our sail -jimmy ( 1928-2010) you are a kid when you born .....jimmy rest in peace, your game is over"	0
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?	0
Govt is coward..its all mili bhagat of corrupt politicians to create distraction. And army along with public pay the price....its a old game	0
Really pathetic....crap vote bank politics	1
"alhamdulillah , mashallah even muslim countries are now scared of radical islamists ."	1
"while Filing IT returns, there is option for Rajiv Gandhi Equity savings scheme. . is there exemption for that ???"	0
Awesome execution of the scrip.... Kudos...	0
Nonsense it will better check on Google rather wasting time and kb.	1
great decision...will send a signal to all power hungry people wanting to jump to AAP	1
Why he is spraying chilly powder...is there any new agenda?	1
Is'nt this a VIP culture..?  a picture depicts a thousand words. .!!	1
"When its not banned in many states,  it should not be banned in chaddi ruling states.There should be no difference in states"	1
"Just Stfu u people just see the money but not the hard work after it, BC grow up"	0
As per the schedule after her the other singers on stage will perform and then the launch will happen	0
the most hard working and non corrupt PM ever India got..	1
You people will not have answers for the questions asked by yellow army here and every where	0
You won't be missed for sure!! There would be a lot less hypocrisy once you are gone!!	0
As always Brahmin work for noble cause.. Here is true & live example for it !!!	0
Only people with bjp rss minded are with MODI. NOT ALL INDIANS	1
For road projects you can bring IPO along with PPP	0
He specifically said abt Muslims and their Azaan. How is dat right?	1
"Open retaliation is must not commando surgical strike operation . Direct attack on Pakistan is must and kill 1-2 lac soldiers of Pakistan."	1
During his tenure as RBI Governor his all policies failed / flopped ? so What at the end he is going to give ? better let the new Governor give his policies . CNBC TV 18 : Pls ask him  @ Why. he did not reduce the interest rates when cost of funds are 6 to 6.5% ? Banks are charging 9 to.10 % on Car loans and Home loans ? why not other borrowers? after this money with Banks belong to Public?  Why he keep funding Banks  when they show loss of funds in NPA ?	0
In government office implement the online transactions... also all parties should show off their account transaction for running their elections in RTI.	1
". The predicted for Donald Trump. . The US presidential election, Donald Trump, will bring perform be further difficulties, inconvenient. period of up to February 2017, is a threat for Trump . .Nearby people would distress, the risk of life. is intense rotation of stars. . Expert knowledge hidden,Ghatib Ali Shad, Lahore Pakistan. ghatibastro@gmail.com"	0
This reporter is annoying keep bringing in Mamta she is most corrupt so stop with it	0
"And we will also take Shirish Kunders words seriously 😂😂😂😂  Indian Express you surely made Ramnath Goenka proud by considering this flop director's view seriously. Thank You."	1
Cow slaughter is illegal so wrong doers should be terrorized	1
Where is INTOLERANT BRIGADE no call for hartal no bandhs  is nobody ready to annoy Saudis .	1
"You are known as prestitute for a reason, no?"	1
Yeah and their semi auto pilot system will break down. Hehe... Indians don't obey traffic rules. I don't know how that's gonna play out. Big Test for Tesla. ;)	1
Will it actually be given? ? I have my doubts	0
"so naming modi as mass murderer against whom even supreme court found no evidence,you are trying to say that you don't believe in the court's decision....so much of the secular mentality"	1
Discussion is being held on Cash Flow repercussions and reviews by MOF. Let's await.	0
'AAP' should be too alert of such people as many more such people may come to harm AAP.	1
Digital India will be transparent and we eliminate corruption and eradicate poverty and eliminate terrorist organizations network	0
"Home based work without investment  Work in your spare time and earn unlimited   We have offices in every city of India   Check last month Payment of 42lac   Type JOIN and WhatsApp us on this no. 8698614666"	0
Hats off for ur sily move. Common people are sufering not u cheaters ..	1
And u r not beautiful at all	1
"u said some Muslims are getting involved in the same manner few Hindus are into this(if it is)..these kind of people only see their benefits... Pls don't think that they r representing all.community.. That's not true"	1
"Sambit patra ji There is no need to think about these naxalies. Just finish them  #army action"	1
Also please see the CONSTITUTION OF INDIA and also its commentry written by various learned people	0
"Dear ramanathan we keralites know how to live in peace, please don't bother about us keralites that includes hindus, Muslims and Christians. It is the only state in where everyone lives side by side in peace except in some places where the sanghis play communal card for vote politics"	0
PAKISTAN'S are always on right way.indian gorvenment kill his army soldiers and just blam on PAKISTAN'S ARMY.indian media publish fake and baseless news under the stress of his government	0
Pachauri is gone for good.Let the law takes it's own course.I just hope his message of global warming doesn't get diluted.	0
Massive win ??wat the hell ??BJP gain more that 50 seat compare to 2012 where as sena gain less than 9 seats	1
Arrest  that corrupted judge. I think corrupted Government and Corrupted judges deserve death sentence like those traitors	1
Akshay Kumar sir plzz clear people about your Canadian citizenship status to all ur Indian brother & sisters	0
You KV touched the issues that are relevant.....good for kegrewal and modi if they pay attention  to such positive criticism.	0
you CPM congress has divided India based on religion  and made Muslism country of Indian part and kciked 10 cr Hidnus from their grand parents country of Paka nd Bangladesh.	1
Rel industries always falls after good results but today it went opp.	0
"Bro impotent like u keep silence why from usa , china , uk hv baan loudspeakers of mosque why every tolerance is expected frm hindus ppl like u r real enemy of hindus"	1
Please be active n defend kejriwal we need him to save india and to develop imdia	1
"💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178"	0
"It's better than the Fairness Cream ads! This is education to the mass. Grow up!"	1
Even a good decision if not implemented properly then it is a failure at the end of the day.	1
U study in india and later ok abuses indiaa in kashmir.	1
"sena rss will be disappeared, when congress back in powers again."	1
"Mohammad Usman. Get out from my country.  Partition was based on two nations theory. So ALL MUSLIMS SHOULD HAVE GONE TO PAKISTAN."	1
wheres the outrage from the lefties on this then?you know you made the right decision when Muslim countries dont even want fellow Muslims allowed in!	1
"Bhaiya sabse pahle ye hai kon... mahangaayi badhi to banwaas pr gaye hue the, Note ban pr ese ghayab hue jaise gadhe k sir se seeng, Patrol and eatables price hike pr to ye mr india ban gaye the k kahin dikhe hi nahi.  Or ab aagaye neend se jaag kar k chalo thoda publicity b lelun."	1
Cyrus Mistry is a great leader looks more like Rata Tata's doing he wanted to return becuase of his previous bad deals .	0
"Yes,HE. Global power of Happiness which is under tremendous threat."	1
Srk did right in slapping him once.. He deserves slaps	1
Why is he always poking into affairs of kejriwal??	1
Every indian minorities must know they are minorities and will be minorities if we unite on black anti social doings	1
"Even they took there saman to show to there ladkis c this is real saman of a real mardh,"	1
"Very good move as it will reduce interest cost on goverment borrowing.Previous goverment in the past borrowed so much money in the past to meet expentiture .Central & State goverment used to present deficit budget. Goverment is doing its best to improve finances.This will help in containing inflation & more money for development.Banks should now reduce borrowing rates on home & personal loan, so demands  pick up resulting more employment"	1
"Tez, You better watch out!!! Hero is on his way 😅"	1
ROHIT is a COWARD boy media is giving UNDUE IMPORTANCE	1
Well how we wish same kind of contribution before the game we would have won more medals	0
Implementation is one step......Regulating it is most important.	0
"Remember chittisinghpura massacre Authorities initially blamed the gory incident, in which 35 men were killed, on separatist militants only to be contradicted by CBI.  http://www.deccanchronicle.com/nation/current-affairs/190316/kashmiri-sikhs-demand-re-investigation-into-massacre-of-35-men-at-chattisinghpora.html"	1
"yes everything is good,and he also lives here then why not be an indian citizen."	1
INTOI ARNAB GOSWAMI IS ACTING LIKE A STOOGE & PRETENDING TO BE STREET SMART SADVERY SHAME FUL	0
Salman khan is the only person that sees both the Olympians equally and give both of them equal money.......	0
Could have planned better to reduce impact to poor people.	1
Shame on these people for disregarding honourable supreme court verdict.	0
wow! absolutely perfect. my only concern-in some offices that are mostly male- there won't be any shaming. they will be entirely shameless.	1
It is very difficult to regain and stabilise the indian currency if Modiji is in indifferent in this situation!	0
"SHAME UPON INDIAN INTELLIGENCE  ENEMY ARMY ENTERED OUR TERRITORY 250 INSIDE AND THEY DIDN'T COME TO KNOW  BIG SHAME AND FAILURE IB INTELLIGENCE"	0
"I am from pak waziristan .,..... jey lalita is very gaert lidor in india"	0
even tahir sons strikerate is greater than dhoni.///haha	1
I had been modi place asked them to revert... kick hard they stop.. but i am not modi	0
"Do not trust UBER DRIVERS ,if loose any thing inthe cab they will never give you back, I have lost my cellphone with in 5mints the driver has switched off the cell, uber  will not give you any replay to your mails.Never trust UBER."	0
They cannot do dat becoz den porks real face will expose to the world nd der boss china will hav bad impact around the world so dey will nt go aginst china bcoz the bhik dey get will be stopped.	1
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
this is called news councelling for those who feel they have lost the dragon power ..here our special oracle visitng the land of sparta	0
What about Make In India? 1.25 cr population can't make a jet? But Indians ruling all over the world?	0
hope car occupants are safe and unharmed.	0
you mean investment made with relations and friends of the above	0
"It's not hatred, just asking why did Hindus had to leave Kashmir. Sonu has just said that there should not be forced religion, in every locality Azaan is there on the loud speakers & very few temples play loudspeakers. In maximum no. Love Marriages, Only Hindu boy or girl have to change their religion & convert into Muslim."	1
Modi always talk like this.we should not take serious.	1
Hang these bloody drunken drivers in public and seize the buses.	1
He is right. Why do Muslims want to encroach my fundamental rights	1
"Are u high on weed, Or what ? Man what karma. does karma means to get invaded many times by MULLA'S or what or to get innocent people converted. We have a rough neighborhood & we need to protect us from them so therefore we need it. By the way u follow the path of Jesus."	0
"Yes u r correct.. Nehru was one man   Indira Gandhi was one woman Narsimha RAI was appreciated one Man Maun  Mohan (I mean Maun) was Remote controlled by one lady  You old casanova ..you are a .an of many women.. what rights have you to comment on Daring ONE MAN"	1
Hard work 😀😀😀😀😀means converting pineapple water in to coconut juice😀😀😀😀😀	1
He knows that it's impossible for him to be elected through loksabha !! Because now public knows ..who is patriot or unpatriot	0
Not the suporter His achievements in over 11 years as prime minister are equally impressive helped to found the Justice and Development (AK)	0
Showing mutilated bodies of soldiers is just disgraceful. Why would you even ask that?	1
New CM candidate for Bjp....	1
I was thinking of purchasing a car; could not because of shortage of cash:-)	1
We love you Sonia and the entire gang!! However; we do miss Mitalli Mukherjee as well 😊; specially in the bull run	0
Jubin Mehta You rocked the stage with your finesse in curating TECH 30 !!!	0
"Since communists love purges, I guess its time to purge all communists from India, drag these scums out and give them a taste of their own medicine, No theory has failed as many times in history of this world as Communism did, And still watch morons apologising fr it."	1
What about our own farmers? That means they don't work hard? Then why they are commit suicide? Japanese farmers are rich and famous and Indian farmers are lazy and Chinese & British farmers are feeding Indians.	0
Thats why Bajaj is in such situation when other cos of his sector growing at a double digit.. dont use ur Bengali brain..	1
Some comments are criticizing Anna instead of Kejriwal.  What a mentality.	1
He's done ✅ gone end of a singer 👨‍🎤 has no job what could he do to get attention. This time he has hit the WRONG NOTE	1
Interesting.. But not many working even in metro cities ..	1
don't try to cover ur mistakes by using rss name	1
"This shows he doesn't have much projects on his hands. At least something is required to be in a limelight even if one has to use cheap tactics..!!!"	1
Anna is sounding like an opportunist. At least Arvind has stuck to what he started and has created a government and trying to do something constructive.	1
Can we expect rally in infy and tcs along with Wipro tomorrow	1
i think you watched jurassic park recently ...watch gullivers travel	1
We need more people like Abrar.. forget about all... But when motherland comes first before anything.. thats called nationlist n patriotism..	1
But why surge pricing? What's the formulae of calculating surge price?	0
BEML shares are rising now. I have 1000units of BEML is it wise to invest further or should I hold on to the same units.	0
The best way to counter the BJP's anti beef army is to flood their computer with beef recipe.	1
So other one tell me brother....tell me tell me never mind don't exited Bro	0
This is against remarks of court......	1
Allie of  pakistan in india :P i wonder wat this modi gonna ask from him or wat the heck he want from india During world war 1 indian army faced turkish army and chased them out of middle east	1
"Being half IITian( having done only post graduation from IIT,) I can say yes, very much overrated. No output except engineers who mainly serve USA. No cooperation with Some industry or startups and very snobbish know all behaviour of profs. No respect for students who are future."	1
Indian Forces are retaliating. Two Pakistani Posts have been destroyed by our Army. It has also been gathered that 7 Pakistani soldiers have died in retaliatory firing from our side against Pak Army.	0
Good sense prevailed ?? Maybe he is interested in washing dirty linen in court......no one is interested	0
Hats off to her...this is called women power...I am proud of to be a woman	0
Oh please get a life....the reason I do not read Indian Express	1
Now we must do something otherwise they will be doing more attacks like this. Now it's not time to talk take some action	0
"Justice against vindictiveness of the Central Government.  Great justice in way of Delhi development."	0
"Atleast we show reality what happpens..... but pak media & army keeps their people in denial mode.... 😂"	1
Very valuable and informative platform to share the ideas and in order to explore better possibilities in the field of Natural Resources.	0
"Plz Dnt ask abt proof , the video is in proces at yash raaj studio 😂😂😂"	1
"Come on guys. He has a point and I agree with him. I am a Muslim and if I want to, I will go to the prayers even if there is no azaan. Why should others get disturbed by it? But yes, the same rule should be followed by everyone."	1
"Atleast we show reality what happpens..... but pak media & army keeps their people in denial mode.... 😂"	1
Any surplus will reduce the 28% list...bad idea ...rather should be used for 18% list	1
Anuj can never be Udyan. You are wrong. And Sonia is far far better than Latha. I don't want her to be Latha.	0
BSP earlier removed him as the in-charge of Uttar Pradesh and was appointed the in-charge of Madhya Pradesh.	0
Madam. What about 'human protection' from rampaging mobs?	0
"I think every female has a right to choose the way she wants to lead her life and dear mrs shahid kapoor no mothers daughter is a puppy whether she is working or a homemaker Imagine if ur gynaecologist at the time of ur delivery said that i cant leave my daughter and come for ur delivery as she is not a puppy then what!"	1
What kind of media is this!!first they make headlines of indian soldiers being killed by rocket launchers n now about mutilating their dead bodies....this can happen only if Pak army crosses LOC....btw it looks like a #RealSurgicalStrike with evidences on indian media	0
"Modiji, Please give up the ambition for Nobel Peace Prize and take proper action against Pak Atrocities to show you can do something staunch instead of brushing with chocolate creamed words."	0
Big bazar is also Modi agent as per Kejriwal 😂😂😂	0
appartments are not selling ...do not force us to buy for the sake of sales ---we are not the slave of the bankers and govt -come cnbc tv 18 lets do fencing	1
I demand Padma Vibhushan for these Silver Surfers saved in TSuNamo	0
these posters are not valid to protest against rape offence... you should take more sensible way to protest..	0
"After Modi became PM, these are happening, 1. The economy is going down the drain 2. Pakistan is killing soldiers at its whim 3. Kashmir has returned back to the 1990s 4. Naxals are on rampage. 5. Nepal and Srilanka are now friends of China. 6. Cows safety and medical treatment are more important than our women and children safety 7. Anti national voices have gone up etc"	1
"When u have responded, after few days everything OK, all Pakistan actors, singers, wl start coming back than all is well"	1
"""I assure you that we will come out with more intent in Bangalore""  - Virat Kohli"	0
"Anna Hazare ji, aap chunaav ke samay hi kyon jaagte ho? Arvind Kejriwal, unlike you has come out in the open and is fighting with the system whereas you from the comforts of your village do not have the guts to match your chela and just criticise without doing anything meaningful.  You were our hero once upon a time but today- you are just one of those who left the battlefield to save your skin and basque in flattery and jhoothi glory... :-/"	1
Sonia I am asking from last five days on rel.cap please reply	1
Israel is better than Turkey.Turkey is dangerous .A threat to world peace.	1
anyways now indians dont need water. look at andhra pradesh !	0
Good news ..congrads to Pakistan army and keep it up	0
Killing Gandhiji is it correct?	0
"I bought adami enterprises@98 , should I wait or sell ?"	0
Justify! Justify! Justify! You need to do a lot now	1
I don't understand why ppl are congratulating Kangana! If complaining and being rude is considered brave and outspoken then there is something wrong! It's KJOs choice to decide who he wants in his movies! He probably doesn't want to cast her for this very reason of she playing the victim card endlessly and blaming everybody!	1
MCI SHOULD FOCUS TO MAKE SEATS IN MEDICINE AFFORDABLE FOR COMMON PEOPLE AND INCREASE NUMBER OF SEATS AND MEDICAL COLLEGES TO MAKE HEALTH CARE AFFORDABLE IN INDIA.	0
"25lkh cr is d GDP loss every day nationwide. and India is getting sanitized.  wowww"	0
In tamilnadu 76% reservation is present..whats about that??	1
"Then who d blody hell done this cruelty basterds.. we never forget what Ct. Kalia have faced in 1999 at Kargil... His eyes,ears,bones .... Everything have lost ... U dirty predators.."	1
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
"Why not..go for it.. Let there also be rule that when bank ATM is out of CSH or not in service, bank pays the customer in return the same transaction amount. Secondly if customer goes to Bank and if there server is down, let banks pay 8% interest for month than regular 4% for that month. Seems like a win win for both banks and customers."	1
"Well done. However, do the needful see more Indians without leaving the most burden to sportspersons for self struggle. Congrats to Sindhu and Shashi."	0
You are correct Trump is highly obliged by Indian Hindus who prayed hard for his victory. Muslim never prayed for his success. But I am truly telling you I prayed for Trump's success and even today I appreciate his Nationalism and wish him more success. I will be happy the day Trump kicks Saudi Arabia and Kuwait because they too are the same fundamentalist Muslims as that of the seven countries he banned.	1
Is Tata coffee a good buy for the short term?	0
Why talk about Rahul ? He is no leader today.	0
Looks like this guy will be the next KRK..:P	1
this was dine by up in 2013. these now are only thugging people	1
Hi Nigel and sharmila can BEL reach 1600 before split on 27	0
"Congress gives trigger to Modi turning gun towards themselves then provokes him- result we have seen ""Dogs"" loyality parampara"	1
"Whatever d situation  We must Just say always.  Oh almighty God Heavenly Father we pray to bless & protect all d innocent suffering & persecution facing victims especially minority Christian throughout Each & every villages,towns, cities & states in every countries around d  world that every innocent Christians may overcome dangers & fears of life in d name of lord Jesus Christ Amen & god will do d rest"	0
"How idiotic nd foolish this man is,he is surrounded by music songs nd every noisy things from his childhood now he is lecturing abt noise....."	1
The strike required on the Vaampanthi Aakaas of these naxalite. i.e. CPM and it's allies. Then only this problem will get solved. Otherwise they will keep on Producing  Traitors like Khalid Umer and Kanahyas !	1
You've got a lot of time to make a comeback to Pakistan because of what Pakistan has done.	1
Hdfc bank 1 lot @ 1448... should I hold ??	0
When the matter is with PM he changes   all the rules.	1
Great job done.. But also work on5G because we are still back from Many countries..	0
I believe he has expressed my view as well	1
"The SC has not achieved the intended goals, as 50% of the inventory has been sold at discounts in the last 2 days. If the court intended to save the people from getting poisoned, it should have banned sale of the banned vehicles on 30th and 31st of March also. Very bad."	0
i am not pessimist but even then it got 10 minutes late	1
After every incident such type of debate we watch on our TV screens and people in panel Labi Labi phakte he and then after few days they again start praising for their revenue	1
"What I read about him is he is away from all personal relations and wealth. After 5 times getting as MP his wealth is nothing. He is well devoted, desciplined and sensitive. Even Muslims are with him.  He has no experience. Let's hope he will good job."	0
Would Pakistan still deny Dawood being in their country. Hope not now	0
Ana is a chameleon. And a RSS agent.	1
"Super response, well thaught. Because no other religion promotes pedophilia"	1
"Pakistan never think about to do this , stop spreading hatred against pak u filthy nonsense indian media , we respect hindu sikh and every religion in our country stop doing such childish things enough is enough"	1
Ayodhya land dispute: The court also suggested that parties concerned should sit together to arrive at a consensus.	0
Why always muslim muslim....???    Kashmir is integral part of india......	1
I have been telling this at all forums i talk at.  Gst will boost interstate sale like euro did for Europe.	0
Well said jaideep singh.. Gau rakshaks should go to border n defend the country	0
About deaths.... we sacrificed crores people for freedom. This is biggest revolution after freedomfight. We need sacrifice to defeate biggest cancerof society	1
Secularism is nothing but a policy for getting votes from innocent people.	0
Hope u get well soon. My wishes for u. I got it there's no point wasting my time to make u understand anything. All the best buddy.	1
"""Surgical Strike"" by Pakistan Army 2 indian soldiers killed.  SnakeEagle Pakistan Defence Command"	1
"Anna hajare already in BJP,  he is in dark sleep, sure he will woke up at next parliament election. Mr. Anna Hahare what a master planner your. Showing these types of attitude very shame on you, dramebaaz."	1
Still waiting for Rahul Gandhi's grand expose of the PM. Why is he not speaking in parliament or doing a speech like this.	1
what is the profit margin or service charge for innovative birla  brain solution	1
Terrorism does have religion when it's motivated by religion.	1
Am a NS owner .. Bajaj bikes good only for 2years of purchase . Go for KTM	0
Congress ruled 70 years by dividing the nation and national leaders amongst themselves.	1
Army Can be sent to Kashmir when it floods...why it cannot be sent to Chattisgarh to eliminate Moist??	1
He is the same general who is proposing the increase in number of army welfare schools and youth skill development programs funded and operated by India army	0
She is simple girl and need not know politics. Let her vote to her choice.	0
Terrorists like Gaurakshaks who wont be mentioned bcoz tat wat gains votes for PM's party.	1
"Amazing work Lalita S A Nayak. Best wishes to you Antonio and  Great way to improve the self esteem and hidden skills of the children.  Proud of you"	0
The stock will further crash. It has lost substantial business and is entangled in litigation in USA.	0
"Jay Ledo yeah nice try but you aren't talking to some dumb Kafir who has never read the Koran nor the Sira of Mohamed so the concepts of dualism, taqiyya and abrogation are known to me.  Can you explain why you haven't quoted from Sura 9 regarded as the last one Mohamed recited and the one that instructs you to kill Kafirs where you find them, make war on your Kafir neighbours and to subdue them and force them to pay Jizya? The world is waking up to the evil that is Islam."	1
"Insanely overrated The placements of all branches are miserable compared to CSE and Electrical. & Also the quote follows ""Complete Engineering then decide what to do in Life""."	1
"With this move, all the black is converted into white with the help of political parties,  we don't  need banks anymore.  Mission accomplished :)"	1
"hey sonia Looking cute, i am holding EQUITAS1500@173, 3-6 months views"	0
"Om Prakash Hindu yes absolutely the point you said, there were and are lots of other media agencies other than indian express but why didn't they covered the news? Were they were bribed? Or they were Anti-Hindu? Or just was nothing genuine on that issue? You tell me."	1
"Hehe a Congressi taking abt intellect 😂😂😂haha u fking pig,u ruled us for 70yrs but not any more....btw how many seats Congress got in Delhi 😂😂😂😂😂"	1
what a Splendid launch..so far awaiting for launch now contemplating...to get....its time to dominate with dominar.....	0
Modi Modi Modi india is changing up will change to	0
You are Great sir and your words  also great....	0
"Seems he forgot SC's order, wat to say to this retarded personality?"	1
Nation shd stop every religious noise in fine morning ...as people feel disturbed ...sonu nigam said about azan ...but wen noise comes frm any religious song or pray in the time of exam ...we feel disturbed ...every religion shd b restricted	1
"We will continue to support Afghan Talibans as they are our brothers & great allies. Without the consent of Talibans, no peace is possible in Afghanistan. So via Afghanistan, R&AW should stop spreading terrorism in Pakistan & get out from any involvement in Afghanistan."	1
"Amma will always remain in our Hearts May her noble soul Rest in peace."	0
Yeah but sir RSS doing divide and rule policy.... What about that haters	1
Voter will see another three years  then he will decide which govt good Fr him	0
"Friends ..stop giving so much importance to these fools...Chachunder, just...."	1
I strongly appose forced religiousness either Muslims or Hindu.	1
We Minority r not more safe in our country....when minister can lie on floor of parliament than i dont thjng anything more is left to understand	1
"Anna a bjp agent,  since 3 years he have no love towards country or  deshbakthi??"	1
"A dismal state of healthcare for the poor in India.  While some people are busy plying in Range Rovers while the needy doesn't even get the ambulance service in emergency."	1
And you could be the Robert vadra..whose only identity is that he married priyanka Ghandi	1
"no legal binding on Pakistan to accept icj decision,  he is a spy, and will b hanged, anyhow indians should b proud of him, he is villan in Pakistan,  but i don't know y indians not accepting him hero"	1
"Great work Modiji,but even look into low class people and doctors and their hospitals also."	1
"Disappointed with Sambit for letting Khera speak non sense, he should be exposing openly. Y BJP is defendant against this corrupt parties"	1
"1.Apurv Anand and there will be guys like you sitting on the fence , sermonising people on both side of the fence? ha ha ha 2.on his show, he gives choices which are intended to insult  anyone chosen or left out. kangana was different. she told the truth right on his gay face."	1
"Good... Now go to hell with Congress or Aam admi party...  I know peoples like u just need free water, free electricity , free Wi-Fi etc...  U peoples don't care about anyone except yourself..."	1
Please tell me will market fees ( mandi tax) subsum in gst or not?	0
Maybe they wanna showcase dominar as the DEVIL these guys are scared off	1
In agreement with what he said if something is disturbing me I will raise my voice against it its my right to express	1
He knows he has done a blunder . Can see on his face	1
Great job...  Big Basket...  Good luck for the future	0
Dear Vishwa Yandigeri for kind information candidate who lose election his party workers caught red handedly distributing money by our great state cops.😊	0
everybody who's against modi ... deserve  to sit at home N  read abt all the scams and then crib country  ... here's one man whos trying to change future of India but won't support him ... plz think and support ...	1
should i laugh or cry for this stupid demand.	1
S & p has big barrier at 2260 levels nifty has barrier at 8800	0
howcome a puppet can work for the common people party	1
Focus on making cash available  then only  people will support you . And speedy punishment to horaders will put fear of God in curropt .and your intention will be believed	1
The one and only hero in Andhra pradesh Mr Chandra Babu Naidu	0
Govt and banks are cheat	1
"Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murders by  Turkey Army ....  What about given  the Kurds their land back ???   Let Kashmir not be the  talks on table ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  ."	0
India is a country of billions of people... Where millions of them r ready to serve d nation.....	1
"2 Pak posts that gave cover fire to Pak BAT razed to ground, army sources tell this is not even the beginning of India's real response"	0
Don't argument with stupid person .they will drag u with their level .aftt all u are pride of India.	1
"They will highlight  1. GDP per capita  2. Livability index  3. Brain drain"	0
You're active member of BJP 👏	0
south indians r not fools and not communals	0
"I can not understand why Hindus object any one eating meat, beef, pork, chicken, etc. We the human beings are made of flesh, we eat food with our tongue of flesh, we produce children out of sex with flesh of man/ woman, the whole of our lives are around flesh when it comes to eating flesh may be any kind then a Hindu finds it against his religion. It is God of Hindu who made him/ her of flesh .????"	1
Earlier reports suggested that a dozen-odd personnel were injured when the blast tossed up a mine protected vehicle carrying them to Gadchiroli from a spot where a fierce encounter had happened in the afternoon.	0
They were killed by their own troops to defame Pakistan..... Because Pakistan denies such attack	1
'Economists say rich people either send black money abroad or invest it in real estate or convert it to bullion'	0
"Aruna Adeel,  right. No one cares about millions of tweets on cleanliness or eye donation."	1
Politics is the dirty game. And all places see mostly corruption and discrimination in India.	0
Haha fake news as alwez!!! The strike was only called off because d demands were started to being met for enhacing security unlike earlier times when govt gave written assurances bt did not do anything on ground	1
why u r not supporting Rasilla's murder?.. Jishu suicide. Rasila is murdered   #RasilaRaju  #ExposeInfosys	0
She said her daughter is not a puppy. Doesn't mean everyone else's kids are puppies!	1
and what about land in Hyderabad and telangana .. what abt bmw car gifted by Sachin to sidhu ...	0
Now you can join BJP A Imandar party.	1
IE simply try to create trouble between the 2. They know each other well	0
Is it a surgical strike ....Lol That was cowardness by pak.	1
Safety of cows is more imp acc to our current government	1
Of course nothing can be made in porikistan except training the militants.that was well known to chinkis & they took advantage of it they r colonising in pokistan looting thier reserves through cpec	1
You were also Patronising communal riots.	1
"Fii will sell if there are uncertainty, selling pressure will continue I think. Nobody knows whats going to happen since this demonetisation. Nobody is going to buy now, not dii and certainly not fii."	0
Modi and his ministers don't believe in degrees so they forge fake ones	1
Enough of this stupid debate... How come she became successful.... 10-15 years down the line we will see her view on neoptism	1
Mark Waugh and Ian Healy clearly left embarassed.	0
I think everyone know this time core data is not good	0
I cannot sell my all shares for more losses last 2 years. What  is problem?	0
Vinit sharma you have lot of complaints..  May be you are very much affected by demonetisation	1
"Its good thing for the opposition , government will fail in election.. then y so worry if it is done for political gain..."	0
He's not even an Indian citizen..fake deshbhakt.Tired of his sorry face.	1
"Why should our Pm decrease all the rates of daily needs viz. Petrol, gas, food commodities etc so that every one will live with some hundreds as he desires ."	0
Irony is your display picture at one end you are happy seeing some one innocent dying and at other end you are praying to not kill an innocent	1
What's your view on mahindra buying bsa motorcycle of uk	0
Do you expect me to learn all languages in the world?	0
Y I don't see common people suffering haan those people who have kept their money in high amount with them are barking alot if u were having high amount of money then u would have put it in your bank account and have paid tax to the government from.starting then we all wouldn't have suffered.....so give chance to him also as we have given the corruption leader in past.....give him a chance might the situation will get changed......	1
"Cpec as 200year Fefore east India company.  It's not for pak for China bevkuffo By this road which  type of industry come in pak.. Tell Wat u get Cpec"	0
thanx anuj and sonia for view on bank nifty and maruti	0
But may be You can start own party to attract all good members of AAP	0
"Very sad and tragic. Same question was asked by Ikhlaqs wife, when he was lynched by the mob in Dadri."	1
"BRAVE LADY. FOUGHT ALL ODDS & EVENS. CHOOSE TO  STAY IN HEAVEN.  LEAVING ALL HER LOVED ONES BEHIND. MAY  HER NOBLE SOUL REST IN PEACE. LONG LIVE AMMA. YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED TILL THE WORLD EXISTS."	0
If modi rules India for 10 years only our country would be able to give refuge from Islamic caliphate	0
"Procession is also happening in Muslim during eid e milud up nabi where ak47 shooting sound is played in background ,  ursh, moharram n Friday kutba speechn Friday road block  where molvi shouts is lungs out...   misuse of speakers should b ban by every religious body..."	1
Im bored. Im leaving.  Il check out reviews on youtube later.	0
"Nice to see you all gys , really its going on nice conversations, i wish you happy deepawli :)"	0
No we do not Sharon Kuhn. Most of us Americans stand by Palestine. Not a country that was placed on top of a country by the western countries to get control of that region. STAND STRONG PALESTINE	0
Nota good decision but still the boy from ranchi rocks	1
Airtel India s 4g speed is slower than Bsnl  s3g	1
But ur government take the land from former and given to corporate companys...then how they develop ...	0
If tension between India pak escalate will it b negative to market	0
But where it goes off certainly make difference.	1
It's alright. We lost a match not the series. Losing & winning is part of the game you can't always win every game. You win some. you lose some.	0
"What they are searching in the van Terrrorist had already been run away, try to find out where they are hiding..Are they hiding in the village or in the jungle."	1
If everything is good why variable pay of Tcsrs mted k	0
Arey yaar forget about loan im worried for my  tax paid money which lying in bank..	1
If people get more money withdrawals then it is impossible to get more money to people who r stocking huge and crore of bundle	1
You are a certified ISI agent working in Dubai... namak haram !	1
They are become arrogant after getting power in UP....This is very sad and IPS officer is treated like such threatening way	1
People mad cuz Israel doing what they have every right to do....🤔	1
"You can ditch anything on earth, but not God and his justice.  At last justice prevailed."	0
I disagree with his selective approach.... Where is Lokpal sir.. modiji fulfilled ur dream	1
that formula will fail.. BANG.. don't matter what religion.. as long as you not white you're good as dead for the white supremacist..	1
"A person whose party doesn't trust him to be a party president, dreams to be Prime Minister. A guy who is on bail for 5000 crore scam,  teaches modi lesson over corruptions and economics."	1
Ohh that is really a bad news for fans of salman khan :P	0
"If you have any stock specific queries for Anuj and Reema, then please let us know!"	0
"Govt must take action , provide pansion and other  monetary benifits"	1
"That's what happens when you skip your education to marry a rich guy 10 years elder to you. Being a homemaker is your obvious choice but what about independent working mothers & single mothers?  Make your own choices but don't run down and belittle women who don't have your luxuries.  And I'm sorry but what makes you think that it's okay to spend just an hour with a puppy? Like how can one even compare. She's ridiculous.Aishwarya Joshi Sreoshi Bagchi"	1
"Gaurang Sir, I would like to go for portfolio management with you..! Can you please help me out with this"	0
"No such report from Shiela Dixit ,naturally ! The report must be from the useful idiot !"	1
If Mr MODI is so keen on eradicating corruption and black money than why doesn't he stop cash funding to political parties and why political parties are not brought under RTI	1
"Very well said. We are very proud of you sir, keep up the defence , the freedom of us all & the Kashmiri people, fairly, squarely  of India."	0
Satyam Bora please read that whole article	1
Tell this to Donald Trump	1
"When the bomb go off, it won't make a difference between sindhoor and skull cap..."	1
Be a human first..stop blaming  others on religion grounds stay in sound proof house	1
mr modi and all the political parties donate your income to the poor n fulfill your word.	1
"First ever Indian prime minister in Indian history who's thinking about Indian nd india   You are genius sir"	0
"""Not to mention the 150 million children working as slave labour thanks to capitalism"" still better then dying wid sticks and machettes."	1
"Does Whole India believes Allah is only the true God, That's what is said in the loudspeakers on Azaan ."	1
Not all retailers are involved in digital transaction... Poor ppl are struggling.. Think of the reasons why other denominations except 1000 and 500 are still not available for common man	1
You should target tier 2 & 3 cities in India	0
why showing emotions is bad ...? i dont feel so despite of how he dresses how he talk and how he live the real question should be are we growing with him ...and i find yes we are..	1
How can congress dare like this what is law and order doing is it sleeping	1
Height of hatred😁😁😁we can understand how media finding it difficult to project this result😀😀	1
"First, let them ban it in Manipur where they are in power."	0
Cho was one hell of a person. Straight talker. Courageous. Took up a fight and would remain relentless. Admired and loved some of his editorials.	0
Arun Signal ....using such words barking? Shameful. Very bad.So intolerant?	1
"Sumit Yadav people like you too will get your turn, just wait & watch😇"	0
Moazzam Shaikh what about a dalit marrying your daughter ??...lol.....you speak alot of BS...arent you	1
Its because she is a girl. Before this how many such fatwas were floated by these so called islamic protectors against muslim male singers in India ?	1
"Now ""brave ""indian army is again ready fr surgical strike ..."	1
all Indian should now take promise-- Arabi Muslims should be finish until we do not speak any Muslims inside and outside india.	1
Tamil Nadu farmer are telling they are suffering from money and other drama wasting milk on poster. Instead of this these people had given milk to need children in name of Bahu bali	1
"I'm eagerly waiting for the day when Airtel gets a taste of its shady practices.    It's really sad how TRAI continues to shield the big shot Mittal while he merrily loots the public with deceiving tariffs, inflated bills and poorest network.  By the way,  Vodafone scrapped roaming charges months ago, so perhaps the media should act a little less blind and stop giving some companies fodder for publicity."	1
Excellent move from ICICI. Helps villages a lot to grow in all aspects.	0
Kejriwal is the racing horse	1
"Bjp puppet, all drama & lies, idiot oldman trying to cheat people, but we know your ugly face..,"	1
After announcement of demonstration every minute u change ur statement ur so confused We Indian don't want confused PM please	1
"Sonu Nigam started his career singing at Jagarans.....did he ever care how many people had to go sleepless nights because he was singing bhajans all night........Now that Azaan has suddenly brought enlightenment upon him.....He should also speak against use of loudspeakers at Mandirs, Gurudwara, concerts.....they all create disturbance...."	1
"we have no idea who done this. dont blame on us"	0
Why was a heated iron rod not shoved in the woman's two orifices then she would also bleed	1
"also the hate created by BJP,  and RSS has to be cleared."	1
I dnt knw y inteelectual like u is also behaving Narendra paid bhakts...Srsly msurprised	1
thank you Mr. Eric. I am jayesh from President of India	0
"Only in INDIA criminal politicians can get Government Job can get World Tour...  If you are not in politics and you just made one mirror mistake like fighting with your friend or etc and police put you in jail or filled up a case against you so you can't apply government job as well can't apply for passport...."	0
Mind blowing decision by modi ji..this decision makes corrupted feel sad..	1
What an irony.. Arvind kejrwl is a fraud/	1
Why no chutiya liberal & sickular stands for the miseries of Kashmiri Pandits? Why no liberal bukchod returned their awards on their miseries? Why no one shouted slogans in JNU for killing & raping of Kashmiri Pandit women by islamic militants?	1
"Prithvi Setty and see where the ""due process of law"" has brought India, poverty, unemployment, crime and what not."	1
Thats only u guyes can do.....keep singing !!	0
Accused of killing wife. Loina clean chit fanglamni Atol Kazi Nurul Hussain Rafique Ahmad	1
Self-immolation? Islam me haram he fight back legally	0
"Why has he no grudges against others like V K Singh,Kiran Bedi"	1
#ENTERTAINMENT: We know #KanganaRanaut left you baffled if not angry and we know exactly why. Karan Johar	1
Good message. If you are a politician you can't do anything.	1
here we believe the function of man is to produce children.	0
who is dumb 10 yrs on corruption and scams......big joke....	0
"Haaaaaaaahaaaaaa. We already know Muslims are slaves, they cannot live their life with their choice, but still they are considereing their self patriotic vow I m happy, make their lives hell"	1
Communist got beaten by gangsters in Indonesia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky7Z4-UjaJI	0
Pakistan army rejected indian blame on pak army. Did nothing rong with bodies  india always ceasefire violation.	0
Modi ji salute to u...u r d best...let bad people say bad things about u...u keep on going modi ji...ignore those stupid. ..bad congress as well as other people bcoz dey are culprits and u are a real man modi ji...my vote always for u...BJP- bhartiya janta party- best janta party....👍	0
"If UPA failed in curbing black money what about NDA now, how rich people able to convert and stash black money in new notes? Is it not failure ?"	1
Vinod Wangnoo I think you are Pakistani	1
It is right. These students are doing all nuisance leaving their studies. Stupids ....Beat them well and put them in lockup for a week.	1
"Last election EVM gave 78.36% Vote for BJP.  UP election"	0
"Yes we know but thats his language and everyone has right to talk in his language so as you,  why to aks others to talk in any language"	1
"If this amount would have spend earlier,sure at least 50% of our athletes would have earned medals .... India is great"	0
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
"Yes...Perfect Question... Now Every Indian is asking the Same Question..iam a MODI Fan...even I too want the answer 4 this .. Still How many Sacrifices of our Soldiers NEED to d Govt ????"	0
"Indian Jallikattu Train PM Massacre......?  Killed Gandhi... Father of India....? Killed 100+ Kashmiri in 2016.....? Killed 100+ Civilian in 2016 Demonetization.....?  #Pakistan Pl Help...... #UnitedNation Pl Help...... #China Pl Help......"	1
Nice to see CNBC TV 18 to Auranagabad.. talking to Rahul	0
Y can't u protect all animals y only cow that's the point ....	1
Royal enfield will always be royal enfield .....no one can match it	0
what is manufacturing date of the news -batch no of the news -cnbc tv 18 factory for market news -news auditing	1
No. There should be no burial for h8m	1
"What about NRI where they should exchange money? Currency exchange houses are not taking money!!  Kindly suggest"	0
ManMohan singh is no doubt 'Dhritarashtra ' after feeding on Congress salt	1
I would appreciate justin beiber today rather than this performance	1
"It is ur dream. Your parents were also see like dreams"	1
Ufff enough talking about this girl..  Everything is publicitystunt befor Bihu..	1
See it's not just the Americands wanting to protect their borders.	0
Dear Modi je-- please give order to respond PAK immediately	0
It is hitting new lows for the *greater good* as promised by our beloved PM.	0
relax buddy ..life is to be thrill ..do not become a insurance agent	1
"Saffron coloured lotus.....  Vague ideas and imaginations...   Sadly some are born with lack of common sense...."	1
I think in the short term markets will fall due to war with Pakistan	0
Why compare old days...we not choose you for crying for past....be in present	1
There is a difference between being a goon and being branded as a goon by congress and other so called secular minded  parties ..... these are all desperate statements by pro anti national elements who are shivering in their boots....will he talk in the same tenor about Owasi Brothers who are a big pain in this nation as they have not done any justice to minorities but only spend time  vomiting venom upon Hindus	1
Omer Majeed what else can you expect from the people who hate Islam and Muslims from the core?	1
Brave woman.... India is a difficult place for woman....	1
They got resources from Spain I believe ...so utilizing at fullest	0
pakistani team a world racod 373 run in 20 over .	0
Manipur lady comming to Kerala why don't she welcomed by the politicians here	1
"If you introspect, then one question comes in mind...who is responsible for all these ? Pakistan or India. For answer..one thing comes in mind...if a mad dog starts biting you on and on....what will you do..you will attack and kill the dog or you will slip away silently to a hospital to be treated and do away nothing with simply condemning. FOLKS...just think of Pakistan about their bravery for barbarism and our so called liberal Indian government for becoming a mere spectator and condemnation."	0
BJP running MCD for ten years.  If people still vote for BJP that means they feel that nobody else can manage it better and the present state of Delhi is the max standard we can achieve.	0
ha ha ha...PM face is terribly worried....no clue to what to do...how to give reasons	1
It was mobbing the poor girl.... Instead of helping her... Jump into conclusions ....impulsive	1
and INDIAN EXPRESS IS AGAINST THE IDEA OF CLEAN JOURNALISM	1
"Is any soldier has taken name of our PM? If no, How this print media uses these words?"	1
"Instead of giving crores of prize money to them, you better invest on sports infrastructure."	0
"How, when useless politicians tile lndia"	1
Mayur Jain u really talking about trusting courts which country u live in third class third world third character and u r talking about trust	0
"coma men , full stop men , hyphen men ....all grammers in common man"	1
"Two high profile fake stories 1- Pak enter India, killed Indian soldier and mutilate the bodies and came back unhurt while rest of Indian army was sleeping. 2- Ajmal kasaab manage to sail from Karachi to Mumbai in a boat while India strong navy was asleep and brutally killed people."	0
And as far as choice is concerned I think she doesn't have a choice..	1
What do you want to prove by saying bahubali beats tom hanks.....!!	0
Aditi Garg such ignorance. Much wow.	1
U bhvng like modi paid spectator...Srskty nvr xpctd atleast from u...	1
"sachin...not my army.I told about our boarders guard.yes you have no nuclear bomb or any modern equipment but we have a Army,not coward like u."	1
"#Breaking  E Palaniswami has won the trust vote"	0
very nice question relating to our economy...	0
absolutely! the deeper you dive the shallower cushion you have .	1
"Why do you comment it has no sense here...pl wait and watch this govt for 60 months...and if you don't like don't vote, it's your decision..."	1
"Dude, stop watching too many movies, esp c grade Bollywood nonsense and nth grade of your domestic ones."	1
means brain is shared-real fact ..... thanks for sharing -cnbc	0
It is also necessary to make it mandatory for all commercial establishments to provide and maintain proper restrooms	0
Clean energy Wind and Solar should be a number one priority - in parallel with focussing upon efficiently use all sources of power.  GST shall exclude renewable equipment otherwise cost of renewable energy will increase - which may impede government's target 2022 for renewable to some extent.	0
"What does she even mean by the new wave of feminism? What about single moms? And what is so wrong with just being ambitious and self sufficient? Clearly those are not on her radar because of the privileged bubble that she lives in.   And why is she always trying to force her so-called wholesome and fairytale-like relationship in everyone's face when it's evidently so fake and forced? This makes me so angry!!! Aviva Avantika"	1
Yes it's good news for the banking sector &all other	0
"http://postcard.news/must-read-world-economic-forum-releases-survey-indian-media-results-shameful/ Indian media spoiling faith of people,as we know Indian media qualitatively failed...."	1
Don't remain Paper Tigers against the Aussies.	1
How is this Siva interested in the fight between Cyrus and Ratan ? Is it Tamil Nad politics ?	0
"Oh rss is antisecular,and aimim is secular,even if it fights for election with anti Hindu agenda,hats off to cpm"	1
Middle East is very far from you cannot reach first see in the home bro	0
Considering RBI event coming in next week what r the chances that nifty may take support once again at 8700 levels	0
Do some research and ground work.. dude.. media is not giving correct pic.. more than 80% Indian support modi's decision..	0
Anuj how was you Goa trip did u played the poker?	0
"@astaman hypocritr,first drop brahmin title pandey and start writing jatav as ur surname.or r u a mulla masqurading as a brahmin."	1
"Waiting for world war -|||  No earth No crime. No root  No fruit. No tree No flute. No religion No enmity.  #Freethinker"	1
Why should we respond to a creature of a dehumanized country Pakistan..	1
"Great man u r sir Salute to my pm Love u sir"	0
No bdy knows about villagers they r going to dead 💀 why he is great pm give me reason???	1
Please don't lose the series.. It'll be Shameful to lose against this Australian team at home...	0
Shame on dirty and jealous politicians..	1
........Electricity is being supplied only to MADJID and MUSLIMS in DELHI. There is an appeasement by AAP government to a specific community. so my dear all Hindu brothers plz vote for BJP......A  statement would be made by BJP leaders in DELHI MCD election.	1
"This is one step , there may be more step"	1
Ya u are bjp we know	1
"Ooops.... Maybe Trump's executive order isn't quite as ""Islamophobic"" as the liberal media would have you believe? http://www.mrctv.org/blog/kuwait-has-had-muslim-ban-2011"	1
"What is our pm doing,.. do something,.. full scale war or whatever it takes to revenge please do it... This is not the first time ,.. pakistan should get appropriate retaliation"	1
Lol modi is being vompared to pappu now ..didnt expect that😂	1
"Well done !!!! Side with useless traitors , u get it back !"	1
"did you see it carefully...was it beef or some pigs meat as advised in chapter number 420 ,verse 420😂😂😂😂"	1
It's a issue which we as a country aren't taking it serious enough and allowing Laws to be passed that allow hackers even a better chance at identity theft. Which was just passed recently against the better judgement of the FCC.	0
Truly the two leaders seem to have a lot of common qualities which have helped them reach where they are and helps them stay where they are.	0
"and here I thought the media was supposed to filter idiots, long live social media then"	0
"Shame on you virat and to your team. You should kickout BINNY from you team."	1
People will be happy if they have at 2 km	1
"Cmcell petitions are answered in time. Only after my complaint in cm cell police filed FIR 626/14 on a fake dr which the p Police was delayed without taking action on our complaint. Culprit absconded and police do not want to find him is different story.but FIR filed only by our cm cell petition."	0
All can be one only when religion is.not there.let marx be father of.all favoring capatalism  then everything will be all right.	1
Why cant bjp nd its supporters ban leather industries which use cows nd which are owned by hindus or muslims	0
Were the two soldiers who were killed and mutilated at the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmir on Monday morning lured to the spot and then ambushed?	1
If india can fire on innocent civilians then mutilating their soldiers is fully justified	1
It's not destructive if they settled with this  believe that you can't have it all at the same time.	1
Not just that.. Some places  in India have attained unprecedented peace..what more do you want???	1
"I am in perfect agreement with Sonu Nigam. No nonsense now .we had enough during regime of ""votebank-loving"" parties and their appeasement techniques but no more nuisance now. Let's come out in open and raise our voices open ,loud and ,clear. Only mosques have been allowed that audio system ,and no other religion, so why not talk specific and shout collectively against it."	1
Barbarism shows what type of humans pakistanis are ....ooh sorry did i said humans..	1
Whether service tax levied by banks  on petrol pos machines will be removed or not ?	0
"Anna is a political novice,& ignorant of realities behind public postures on Modiji."	0
Earlier it was  one woman rule which is till date continue in corrupt criminal scamsters Congress party.	1
"Really ? Are not you mentioning and targetting also ? Perhaps you are ""Modi""fied version."	1
"Our job is to add capacity at airports, improve regional connectivity: Jayant Sinha"	0
all the information about both olympic medal holder are wrong.... It is more than 30cr for P V Sindhu n Sakshi......... i).5crore from telengana. ii)Bmw from Sachin Tendulkar. iii)Indian Railway 60 lakh. iv)Odisha government 75 lakh. V) Being human 1 lakh Vi)Andhra govt 3 crore. vii)Dehli govt 2cr. viii) Indian olymic 30 lakh. ix) Nita ambani 50 lakh n car.... and much more from all state govt of India..... so its more than 30 cr....	0
yes... Only thing we have to do is keep eye no what we have to get	0
"shut up please. no more... nation is gone to it's worst."	1
A weird comment from UP CM about black money helping in recessionary pressure. Your thoughts?	0
GAIL result ?? Will it breakout and make new high ????	0
Haha. What do they expect from her? To work in cycle aggarbatti ad!	1
Hmmm caught the real cat now ;)	1
"This seems truly surgical  Indians forces can now teach this in basic training syllabus to their soldiers"	0
why Hind Sugar is not moving even when all other stocks make good rally ?	0
"Currently, both Hebrew and Arabic are Israel's national languages."	0
"ANNA IS AGENT OF BJP SO HOW CAN HE HAVE JOINED AAP.  DONT MAKE PEOPLE FOOL, U DRAMEBAAZ"	1
don't want to be obsessed with Australian media but would love to read a few article by them on their players.	0
What has happened to Tata share those who bought in Uganda by Asian.who are settled in uk.	0
"Mr Anna Hazare has dashed all our hopes long back. He went against AAP & AK because he did not expect BJP to lose so miserably in Delhi. Now he has woken up because of MCD election, parroting BJP's lines against AK."	1
It appears so because after becoming her C.M anti -national activities has increased.	1
"How can sme1 appeal wen he have nt given any rights,any lawyer,cannot even contact his own country..fr help..nd uh ppl can hang him immdediately like uh did with sarbjit coward army.."	1
Not passenger  train  it's cargo train	0
"lets face it,its an age of hype and fake with ABSOLUTE ZERO INVENTION..FORGET INNOVATION..."	1
"As cow vigilantism sweeps across Uttar Pradesh, cattle-sellers go online to sell their cows."	1
how to make idiots ...just praise them .......ha ha ha	0
View on rbl bank can we buy at current level	0
Plz fund players before so tat they can win more medals for india	0
However defence got a good salary hikes by this pay commission	0
Sarkar ko jb action lena h to wo chupchap ku h its wrong baate bs kawalo in se	1
Belated valentine rose to the guy he slapped with his slipper.	1
"😄 Bot😩 Powered👼 By😪 Prince💛 Fadii  🏨 Add Close 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  28 detik :)  🏪  Auto Comment By    Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
"Selling all the peoples information to third parties, im sure, also gets him a nice cut too"	1
Congrats to u & megha ..... On her way to success in life	0
Govt is also looking confused by changing its position on daily basis! Can change old notes Amt Rs 4000 then Rs 4500 and now Rs 2000	0
If courage ask for files from modi or any state govt. I fear sir for a heart attackon seeing things on those file. Anna ji playing politics. He is awake when has to say against Kejriwal but in deep sleep if asked about lokpal or questionable things about bjp.	1
for enlightment refer my  second comment -buddha bless you	1
"Whatever the analysis, if America comes first, it always seems like faking it."	1
i agree becos they got italian bar maid to be pm	0
this drunk reckless celebs wont learn	1
Yes but the question is why they are taking time on triple talaq	1
"Yes,a link is also there between depot mutiny and Bhansali beating."	1
If one of our soldier is hurt.. They should kill atleast 100 porkistanis	1
Babies sleep at night lol . nice tagline. Better than RS200 tagline	1
"Top ten list -traffic , pollution, congestion , development ,best roads , real estate , property cost , employable , etc -will reflect the same city again and again -minimum five -London , Newyork, paris , brussels , tokyo, mumbai , Bangkok , singapore , beijing , seoul , etc - pollution is the growth index  -bye -product..pollution time zone of the globe"	0
"good work kenya , croatia , uzbek , armenia , mongolia , jamaica , hungary ....sports people are universal citizen do not have boundaries"	0
How much is the split of IT business and other business	0
Be cool randians mind it this z called real sirgcal strike lol. Even ur own media is accepting it.	1
since when loudspeakers were used for centuries	1
"The lady doesn't deserve police uniform ?  Who are you to decide that ??  She has cleared the  civil services .. the most competent exam in India .. she was fit enough in the required criteria.. and was appointed by the president of the country..  Get some brain and talk sense ... !!"	1
"Your Excellency the President. With due respects. Do you think sir, that the present atmosphere of hatred and bigotry prevailing in our country is conducive to a life of Happiness for All (meaning ALL) the Citizens of our great country?"	1
No other leader has the guts to get this bold... and historic decision done.. it's a very well thought strategy.. burnol moment to all the sickulars ..	1
"Women all over the world leave their kids at home to go and work, and they don't treat their children like 'puppies.' I wonder if Mira's definition of a good parent applies to her husband as well, since he was out and about promoting Rangoon soon after his child was born."	1
"sherin i cannot make a tough comment because of you .......even then ,let me make the comment ...how much paid for cnbc tv 18 ? ...........read the comment with attitude"	0
CBI and other Govt Dept r ruled and commanded by corrupt and criminal minded people already so Dawood is no more needed.	0
Anna should concentrate on lokpal	1
"One more point, Market discount forward price to earning multiples..... For next few quarters..... Years..... Growth will be 7-8% plus...... Also take that in this... Thanks"	0
"In Tamilnadu, they haven't given, reservations on the basis of religion, it has a peculiar demographic distribution of castes, where, more than 76% of people belong to weaker sections of society, so it is shoved into the 9th schedule of the constitution of India."	1
"In your wet dreams moron. We had destroyed pakis 3 times in the past, we can do it anytime again..."	1
"pakistan denies attack... if they had done it, they would have called it Surgical strike.....??.  and this is a big spot in security that the pakistan troops come, kill the soliders, mutilate them, have a cup of tea, and go back very easily.... and different  media channels are reporting there own fairy tails......."	1
"Dude you want all to love you, but you spread hatred!!"	0
yeah .. BJP too thought they will stay in Punjab and Goa	0
The type that's beyond you	1
No Repulican took him seriously No one really supported him still he made it	0
Ah...  Is it so... Well like I said I don't need certificate from idiots.	1
"ok....new definition of Development....Akshay Kumar should give sensible reason for applauding Mann ki baat, otherwise he eyeing a RS seat or Award."	1
"Gross. Living in new Jersey and not even half Indian, I am not baffled by your ignorance. Not the right time for such non sense humour"	1
They will put the blame on Kashmiri terrorists.  But Pakistan is responsible and should be punished.	1
wise men don't speak by their words but by their  actions....  Indian is changing for the good coz of one such wise man.	1
Good prediction..he qualified for bjp ticket now..	1
I remember seeing this grandpa somewhere before 😂	0
Two  champions of cricket	0
BUY GLENMARK 872 AND MORE ON DECLINE NEAR 852 SL 828 TRADE ACORDINGLY IN FUTURE	0
"Anna ji was right when he agitated against corruption and brought the issue centre stage. Again, he was right in not joining AAP, else he wouldn't have allowed it to do such good work! Anna ji is not cut for the cut throat politics."	0
"Mr. Shaik .. if business doesn't run, not getting enough jobs in obtaining sector HOW IT'S GOVT JOB TO RESERVE THEM? it's due to population explosion which has done the major damage. Hope u accept who is main cause for it."	1
I am an IITian. My opinion is totally different. THE QUALITY OF EDUCATION IN MANY OF INSTITUTE/UNIVERSITY IS SO LOW THAT IITs seems to be higher than actuality	1
I dont understand the point of singing Nessun Dorma during this bike launch	0
this govt is worst than previous congi... everyday we hear soldiers getting killed and they are doing nothing condemning attacks in strong words..finance minister is our defence who is intersted in stock markets...	1
"Burkahman,,,,,Shame,,,Proud of AAP with Original Degree,,,,,Shame on 56cm Fake Degree."	1
Great Lady. She could speak all the 4 major South Indian Languages as well as fluent in Hindi and English. As I heard she could even speak French and Spanish too. May her soul rest in peace.	0
"I feel inconvenience and suffered headache by your songs when it play loudly  in public area,"	1
Wow price was quiet good but will c performance show it worth for it	0
Way to go ICICI Bank. This is true Digital India . True commitment from Private bank for inclusive growth	0
e-transactions are liable to charge!! Should it not be the other way - so much manpower fuel etc is saved for the system!!	0
Hi Shireen where are you now? In Bangalore? Or flew back to Delhi? How do you manage such hectic schedule	0
Should u invest now or wait for 2weeks or so ...	0
Upa and nda same same shame shame bunch of eunuchs...cant prevent attacks nor can attack.what can u politicians do except condemn??	1
While its sad to know nothing was done for the man. Reality is he is a victim of lack of help from all quarters of society in his time of need. Not just one community or person or religion. Stop being such bigots.	1
Really? Mr Bipin Chandra Bhatt lets know ur definition of secularism...	0
Not a good idea..Will simply increase overheads if not managed well. Specially aviation sector.	1
Adam Smith wrote a book The Wealth of Nations. Soina Gandhi should write a book How to Rob The Wealth of Nations	1
"Another RSS propaganda,why should a sane woman go for help about her married to an idiot who has deserted his wife for a long period."	1
"If Dalits not pushing science in India , then there could total choas and illogical things will emerge ..like black vs white, women vs men , short vs tall .. eventually will lead to Delhi Sultnate returning to power ..then British ..why to repeat all history again."	1
"Mr. Narang it's just the matter of time, I am not stupid enough to believe that govts works for the betterment of masses.. you need to read thoroughly The Prince by Niccolo or the Republic by Plato. I am sure once this govt complete it's term in the office we will have bigger scams to quote... And that's what Dr. Manmohan Singh is talking about..."	1
Your language clearly shows the lower convert nair you are Nidhish nair !	1
People of Kerala will give befitting reply to these BJP idiots. They Are wise than other northern States	1
"Don't underestimate yogi baba..😜He is B. Com with Mathematics...Could do better than Lalu...😝"	0
Housing exemptions - there needs to be a balance with savings with housing as a sub section. It should not be singled out. There is a segment of people who save and spend rather than the other way. Unless we only want to recognise the loan takers.	0
Where is owaisi? Where is mamta begum?	1
"Same Here,if Ajmal Kasab Will Kill 200 Hindus In Mumbai Attack,Why He Lived So Many Days In Jail.He Should Have Been Hanged Publically Within Days..Even My Own Brother Will Kill An Innocent Hindu,He Should Be Punished As Per Law.There Should Be No Mercy To Killers Of Humanity."	1
At least those North Indian fanatics really don't eat Beef n have a right (vocal ) to object but Malayalee ?  What frauds of the nth kind. ?  Have you heard of any Malayalee who will show revulsion to beef  ? at the most say he doesn't take MEAT which means no meat and not any dislike to Beef. !!	1
"If males are  mentally healthy, this problem will not arise at all.  Should not They?  Or they are taken for granted and the  girls have to prepare themselves to combat this menace. However to be healthy mentally and physically is good for both the genders."	0
You can't blame religion for that..this is immature	1
He seems good person in bad company.	0
No wonder you support mass murderer PM famous for fake encounters as well	1
Lets hope laggards like Metals and Real estate catch up too	0
Only way sacrificed soldiers  sole can RIP is by taking stringent action on shameless Pak!	1
There are several detectors including metals in airport. Still the hijackers are going through and commanding from planes. So Why can't the govt deploy atleast 2 black ops or special forces in plains? are the terrorists still difficult to handle without weapons?	0
"The Biggest Facebook Scam Unearthed. Just ONE innocent ""Like"" on a post may ruin your life. Do Read https://www.facebook.com/SMHoaxSlayer/photos/a.147357335599672.1073741828.140690692933003/249768748691863/?type=3"	1
It Is a very unfortunate incident. Pakistan must avoid behaving in this manner and stop such activities.	0
"We don't have time for soldiers, bcoz we are busy in protecting 🐮"	0
"why you guys are reporting to see us , where is the govt officials ? .....from HR"	1
I totally agree with  you Meenaxi Gautam......	1
See my Diwakanam photos Facebook my account or YouTube DIVITI VENKATESHWARLU	0
"Your army and the Govt wanted to make a show of it. They got at ICJ. It is strange that in a so called democratic country Army courts are permitted to operate. It was objected by many opposition parties like PPP and PTI but given extension for another 2 yrs.Civil courts are scared to  pass judgement. What a country where judiciary is scared."	1
Fake news. The guy is live and kicking. Another homeless dead guy from Karachi will be buried in his  place. Simple isn't it.this is a standard cover up done in the 3rd world.	0
"Chapter of RSS golawarkr chapter 29 n verse 420 forcing on others community of indians to eat what their choice of menu   food should eat. moron grow up its ours India secular and democratic country.!  Your party is ruling in the state of  Goa & NorthEast can't ban beef there and cant ban on export too and here talking to be ban in kerala...hahaha moron bhakto"	1
"Other than the WiFi facilities, AAI officials said soon another ATM machine will also be installed in the departure terminal of the airport."	0
"First of all dear Indian Express he was not suspected he was a terrorist in all senses.  And salute to his great dad of  india who stood by his country even in the hardest times #saluteyousir"	1
"#ExpressFrontPage Fighting for a third term and versus first-time AAP, Akalis have back to the wall"	0
price of dal n other can be up n down n it depends on lots of things. Again all party speak against Hindusiam.. that's one of reason they lost.. n they always worried about Muslim votes. And they support all IL legal activity of Muslim like Kashmir. Media even told 25% Muslim will decide who will win but hindu backfire them very badly. That's y they are craying...	1
WE MUST WATCH THAT MOVIE MICKEY VIRUS WHICH SHOWS HOW MUCH MEDIA COULD BE CORRUPT..	0
"Look at his face, looks like he saw the bike before only XD"	1
Don't discuss just take action and we need to first all mother fucker gaddar who live in India	1
"Keep on maintaining relation with this ISIS backing Dictator Erodgan, and let our jawans martyr on daily basis in Kashmir, Chhatishgarh, Assam and Manipur"	0
now dont start discussion and waste my time.i am going with his fathers statement which is strong message.rest lies with intelligence agencies to decide not me or you.you people have no time rather pointing different angles# Venkatarama krishnamurthy	1
"why should he reply congressis??? Congressis should clarify us first, why they kept Muslims in India even after giving them 2.5 times more land/property at the time of partition to insecure Hindus, loot and kill them like Gulshan Kumar through Hazimastan to Dawoodz all over India. I demand Modi G to deport all Muslims living in India as illegal occupants and court to withdraw all human rights to rights from Muslim living in India under enemy property act."	0
Have you followed IE Lifestyle yet?	0
they should rather invest on R&D than on this event.	0
Great Initiative by the Govt. headed by our most worthy PM Shri Narendra Modi.It is the bold beginning to end corruption and black money.	1
Lata madam don't search for losers in the game rather search for winners in the game and that called REFORMS	1
"Common guys there is a difference in between loudspeaker on Navaratri which is once a year , and that azaan loudspeaker daily that is also at 5 o clock so irritating"	1
I keep my respect free flowing. My disrespect has to be earned.	0
Press release from bajaj :  bike is not starting	1
U indian express people are ominous!! Bloody idiots...	1
"At this time when steel. Is in dumps. ….   no man can help.          ?"	0
Sir it is a humble request to u ..  pls we need justice..	0
The new criminal trend gripping the country: carry out any crime under the label of love for the Indian Army: The army should take this seriously	1
"Indian voters know who can be helpful. Kejriwal spilled more dirt, he should have concentrated more on developments. Jo bolega vohi paayega.."	1
"Cow vigilanta don't do bomb blast in markets. And we also condemn ATTACK by cow vigilants on any one"	1
He is an irresponsible politician and should not be taken seriously. Due this altitude he is not only compromising on national security but also demoralizing the Inidian forces. This should be condemned by all.	1
I dont completely agree or disagree with sonu ji. Loudspeakers shouldnt be allowed. Plus the argument that same inconvenience is caused isnt fair. Those instances in the hindu festivals are rarely 15-20 days per year. Whereas azaan is given on the loudspeakers EVERYDAY about twice or thrice. But then again it shouldnt be turned into a religion/anti religion debate. Its more about public convenience or noise nuisance.	1
"🐹 G👦 ?    :o You are Handsome (y) and Beautiful ;) But :p i am More than You :v 3:) => Buy Bot ╭∩╮（︶︿︶）╭∩╮ MUHAMMAD FAISAL HANJRA ^_^  => :v <3 Visit Bot Site: studyofcs,com  <3"	0
Kavindra Singh Bisht and I can see Indians.crying after.receiving his dead body wait for it.	1
Truth among Muslims died when Arab Cult was invented by Mohammed.	1
& now SBI will again convert this money into NPAs. :(	0
“The entire community is terrorised (by the attacks by cow vigilantes).”	0
When did eating beef become a cultural festival in Kerala ???.....	0
Confident we will build all new airports that are needed as per 15-yr plan: Jayant Sinha	0
Thats a separate issue dear friend.	1
No timeframe fixed for home delivery of fuel: HPCL CMD	0
Well If that reduces the global temperatures by few degrees that will be a great achievement. Hope this trillion dollar brings additional life to the planet..	1
Now stone pelting would start against our army just as a gift 😑	1
Have chinky eyes nobody will touch you.	1
freedom from whom? a large section of hindu families eat meat even cow. Ban has nothing to do with muslims. All  r going to be affected. 21st century mam	1
Yes going by ur logic dawood has to win election for 5 times to have that portfolio.  Did u forget SRK's slap?	1
Stop your negative rhetoric.....Its a victory nevertheless!	1
Very good interview amit Mitra has very clear that situation is very Grim day to day trade is in bad candition  sorry please defer G S T for sone more time big industry must no insist now for GST	0
Don't compare btw players they are both star of our country	0
How stupid can you possibly be? Wishing a young officer to be teary eyed?	1
"Job Profile:  Designation: Walkin Interview  Job Location: Gurgaon,Delhi,Noida Years of Experience: 0 Yr - 0 Yr Salary Range: Rs 2.0 Lakh / Yr - Rs 3.5 Lakh / Yr REGISTRATION BY RS 100 ONLY INTERESTED CAN INBOX ME N REFFER ME TO YOUR FRNDS ALSO WHO ARE IN SEARCH OF JOB AT LOW CONSULTANCY FEES."	0
"Jio - A change ,aweaome jio ,slap to idea airtel"	0
"Total wrong turn by modi ji because he has cases of instigating communal riots ,attempt to murder cases proving modi ji to be the greatest liar of the century as he promised to open a fast track court supervised by supreme court so that  criminal politicians get into jail within one year..."	1
"ya actually.....when you learn ""STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT+PROJECT MANAGEMEN+OPERATION MANAGEMENT""....in ""DETAIL""....hahahah ,on a lighter note"	0
And the #akhlaq killer was draped in #tricolor	1
A lawyer defeated in the polls is the Finance Minister who does not know the abc of economics. Befooling the people of India.	0
Indian Express.. always negative.Don't take them seriously.	1
"At the the Prime Minister’s parliamentary constituency office in Bhelupur, the atmosphere is calmer."	0
"Sir, may God give you more strength to help our country to become no 1 in the world of modern technology."	0
But you were wrong to let him use you and your platform.	1
This bike is for the night that why it is dark	1
"Ganpati visarjan happens once in a year,in same way they have tajiya juloos. Problem is Azaan happens everyday. We live fast life where ppl want peace at first place after working all day. If someone wants to listen to peaceful tune of it than better he/she should listen it in the house without disturbing others' peace."	1
"He took decisions for betterment of Tata (closing the non profit company, or selling out)but it is not digestive for lot of people in company"	0
Today they say evm tomorrow they may say no election only dictatorship expected from them	0
So it should be ok to play loud aarti at 5am	1
"Proud be an Indian when we have highly talented people like Sunder, Satya and modi"	0
"Ppl like u,  takes country back.  To understand PM's thought process u need to have vision. Unfortunately ppl like u doesnt have that vision and happy in living they way live  since independence."	1
in 1971 we can have kill ur 93000 army but we leave them and not did any bargaining.it is India	1
Dont target Islam d purest religion for ur fame and publicity tweeting abt  Azaan (d call for prayer ).....Fear Allah D Day if Judgement is closer....	1
Should ONGC be bought at this level??  What could be the long term target??	0
"Demonetisation has made all depositors to stand in long queues,begging banks to draw cash from their own accounts.This is the reality. But, 4.7 crores of new 2000/= notes was caught red-handed from an  individual in Bangalore. Does it not show the total failure of  the conditions, imposed by RBI &govt.?"	1
"same stuff was said about the PM....hold your horses friends, wait n watch. New CM will do a great job....else BJP cant come back"	0
Same guy shamed UDF when aadhar was launched... Everything is approximate which anyone can estimate to be any limit..proven data talks and not numbers on speeches.. Income tax is still squeezed from middle class..prices of fuel and other essential commodity is high only	1
Its total admin  of mistry business ...ratherr than...tata. Hope people can understand...	0
Enough time has passed you have to take action otherwise public will go against you	0
An excellent discussion. Thanks cnbc team for throwing light on such pertinent isssues	0
Mr Modi sorry to say u r forgetting that u r giving birth to a new crime in money gamble only a month has passed already there are so many raid have been done in new currency forget the old currency	1
TIME person of the year can be given either for good or evil...I am sure you did not read the article and too quick in jumping to bash the fact...He is chosen as Evil TIMES Person of the year  which is why the article says it is Devided States or America...My suggestion for you to read the article before getting excited to comment..	0
Osama has been killed and now Al Zawahiri will be killed in karanchi very shortly.	1
First gun down Maoist political then Maoist And then naxlide  operating active  leader one by one without mercy. They are brutal killer and don't need human right or any other fundamental rights to deal with them.	0
"Courts ban jallikattu a sport by saying that it hurts animals but  says killing, eating those same animals as fundamental right.  These courts are full of duplicity and a part od Congress ecosystem. Courts interfere in Hindu matters directly but act cowardly when ut comes to Muslim matters."	1
Better ask PM Modi because before becoming PM he was talking BIG things of destroying Pakistan & now why is he keeping quite.	1
"Yogi is not goon. Any riots in Gorakhpur? May Muslim work in math including cook, civil engineer, accountant etc."	0
Good try. But it was aired and detailed one month back	1
"The culture we adopted under colonial rule & even after independence till now, very difficult to remove easily.  it will haunt on us for some more time, until they realize how think logically..."	1
"In INDIA these hate crime is there.Do not blame President Trump.Such incidents happened in the previous Presidents rule too happenedr.When someone ask such questions to any Indian staying in USA,just answer politely&move away.After all we are all staying out of our mother land.a motheris a mother& a step mother is a step mother.Please be careful."	1
The Aam Aadmi Party is gearing up for intensive campaigning for the Delhi civic polls from March 31.	0
"I guess, they are among those 1.3 billion. I guess, I am not sure though."	0
Finally paused the video . It's so nice now lol	1
Great steps to control the fraud frogs 🐸 of the Country	1
Idiot..... Don't   forget  Majority people  must give u the right ans.  at right time	1
"Only cow is safe! Oh what a government and religion!  I studied Hinduism for three months but these people are different."	1
Govt should take action on it. What doing Govt. is.......	1
"Applicable for only ICICI AXIS & HDFC  Please notify this as well...just because of hits on your site spreading false news.."	1
misuse ....aadhar should not be used as a card for identity proof -strictly	0
"All those who do not appreciate,  are just exposing their intent and maturity. .."	1
"So, you will join bjp."	0
which eye left eye or right eye or both --refresher comment -net practice comment	0
so that russians can escape from bombing	0
"secularism- is not an easy thing. I can say no political party is true secular in its behaviour. some appease muslims , in the name of minority and some appease majority. secularism is used  like  commercial advertisement. No  party is secular......."	1
Hii ... Anuj ... All commodities stocks have performed well in last few days. What about Coal India ?? Your view.	0
"Dude we have 10,000 manuscripts,books vedas . U can't expect me to follow all of them . Many of them r paradoxical to each other . So cow is sacred to indians google ""nandi bail"""	1
I can only see this working in the airport or people have layovers for over five hours and the airlines are willing to pay for it.	0
"If it is not addressed in less time  There will be a huge impact on economy"	0
"Kumar vishwas didn't attack on any  party .  Indian Express team you should watch this video again again & then title it."	0
He can vacate his house from such areas	1
Kill all the people. No corruption . Pure india will cone	1
They belong to you flight dirty terrorist country india .. . 😂😂😂	1
Can you give idea in ICICI Bank in long term	0
"Do not they get enough salary???And why should they be paid big bucks,arent they morons who knows how to kill and rape innocent people!!"	1
Need to negotiate with Defence Min to get more space for civilian routes: Ajay Singh	0
Our own government is fooling it's own people by false promises.	1
"Listen n admired you many occasions in last 7 years thru CNBC. But this one is spot on . Bold n Courageous (y) Well said Lata Venkatesh !!"	0
they are right in protesting......we shud first look at our own faults rather blaming outsiders for rotting our system.........india shud apologise......indians do not insult other cultures and women.......	0
"Sir people hu were targeted are easily getting their money changed sir , we are all with u ... pls make things more precise and applicable sir 🙏🏻💐"	1
Yes u r rit and people like u can always pull legs...	1
"Ha ha ... the introduction video resembles like ""direct to hell"" ..."	1
"People waiting for election.Next election, bjp will see the outcome of demonstration."	1
But lynching was never a part of the freedom struggle but how can the chaddis who were always chamchas of the British know that?	1
And what makes her think that it's ok to spend just an hour with a puppy? Obviously she's never lived with a pet	1
As Indian say Go back China ...we not buying Chinese produced	0
"I am not even indian, but by his(Sonu nigam) logic you should stop every noise that came from religius worship places. . . .  Isn't it?"	1
Gud cameraman I thought 400 cc  but could see more than 400 cc of the photographers	1
If the bike is priced 1.6 then it's a bang for the buck	0
"Hindu majority,,,,okkk  does that makes anyone wanna stoop to your decisions.... You better live with your beliefs, nobody is going to question you , but never try to pull others into your zone.... nobody cares....   if you are protecting some thing religious, holy or whatever then we are protecting something more important to us which is our freedom and right as a human ....... any sensible person will understand  this...."	1
You can see the face of shining india by this incident. PM & ministers have no attention	1
"😽 Bot👷 Powered💂 By🎃 Ishaq👩 Zada  🏨 Poke Fast 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  2 minute :D 8 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Ishaq Zada  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡"	0
India will react by not playing cricket with Pakistan or they ll make a bollywood movie against Pakistan in which they will show their army doing surgical strike... lol	1
Great. So now you forgot that Lotus is our National flower.	1
Bad luck for kkr because i am not in team	0
"Hi Sonia, any chance of Suzlon coming out of CDR ?"	0
bjp has massive support of people but agenda wasnt clear	0
Erdogan is a great leader who make Turkey from weakest economy to strongest	0
"The body should be burnt or fed to vultures, howsoever brutal, uncivil or barbaric it may sound so that some deterrent comes in for these idiots who think for 72 after killing others.😠👊"	1
Trump to present fedral budget what cues can our market take from their?	0
Wat u think sonu don.t angry wth  hindu	1
"Don't you realize Indian forces terriosm in Kashmir? How many thousands Indians forces kills in Kashmir ? How many people Pakistanis forces kills Kashmiris?  Feel d difference  Who is terriost Indian forces or Pakistani?  Anyways Pakistan have more terriost attacks then India . Same you blame Pakistan. Pakistani Blame India is behind Pakistan terror attackes.  Use mind , War is not solution.  Only peaceful dialogue is solution."	0
whom do you support bro ?	0
great interview Rahul Pagariya 👏👏 great analysis and very well spoken	0
only air india all problem ...where as private airliners never have problem .......work versus no work	1
"VAT and GST are must after liberalisation , also going to facilitate all manufacturer pharma to other industries -but sales people are the one who is going to get effected by the GST -no demarcation of sales is going to affect their sale by the predatory approach of the  bosses"	0
As if congress is allowing centre  to say anything....	1
So inspite of so much increase In fares	1
Where is budhia Singh.....all people proud to two girl...she win 2 medels...in Rio 2016.	0
A Master is also known by his protégé.  Alas!  Anna was destined to be known by Kejriwal.	1
"Lol.kejriwal dude you already won, our taxes went for him XD."	1
"dnt workk for an arab ,"	1
"Congratulations for all of us,we proud of  that we are working with such orgnization"	0
Haha u proved u r not son of one father but many	1
"Who is shirish kunder..??? As if ppl knows him n will listen to him😂😂😂...bolo Jai Shree Ram"	1
"What a pity! Pakistan pashtoons still give solgans to support pashtoons killer. you idiots are still stubborn and you dont know who the gamer is?  See u in graveyards buddies!"	1
Idiot . All public transport should ban him.  Wer is sena spokesman  and samna paper.	1
"No, they just hate everything else about them."	1
Royal Enfield is icon... its not possible to shake image	0
"Once upon a time Bengal/ Kolkata was most prosperous states in India. Now it is compared with Bihar/ Odisa. Wake up Mitra. Use your knowledge to help Bengal, rather than delivering stupid lecture."	0
"Congress is f@.ed because  of gandhis, change them make sachin pilot president"	1
Scientists have developed a new 3D-printing technique that can be used to create everything with dust from the Moon or Mars.	0
whether food grain available in PDS ..please check that first	0
Its like duke 390 why they took so much time to launch it.  Just give a name & changing some out look & reduce price ????	0
true so we are waiting for indian surgical strike...plz go ahead	1
Thank you Jio...For such a wonderful experience. I wish the connectivity improves . Congratulations for a brilliant start	0
There is no ban or bar on H1B visas for those  graduating from USA.  Recruit them and do your business. Why only ask for graduates from India ? Do a sincere business now that fraudulent practises of companies are on radar.	0
"I think problem is not loudspeaker, but 'loudspeakers'. Even when one will suffice in an area, due to many mosques near to each other, they all start Azan. Second thing is Nowadays the problem is that, not everyone sings azan, as it should be. So it sounds very irritating. Most of the Indian maulanas don't know how to sing a perfect azan. Otherwise it sounds very soothing. Like this: 👇  https://youtu.be/LGX6wX2GhcU"	1
Both the persons were drunkened while Vikram driving his car at 4 30 AM....	1
"Great!! AAPtards are abusing the man who gave that dumbshit Arvind Kejriwal and identity!!! Seriously, Anna Hazare will be feeling pity on himself :( :( :( :("	1
Banks can't sit back & expect business to expand; have to be agile & adaptive: Chanda Kochhar	0
"Jennifer Anne Juste do you agree with child rape, killing of gays and Jews, slavery, wife beating and killing of Apostates? Is that what being liberal is? Sacrifice all for the intolerant?"	1
"Whoaa ! Such a Boor chap/lash you are   I pity the nescients like you who hold no respect for any religion.  You ethics is ethically withered b stagnant of water.  May you die in peace ( though you won't in your dying boots ) , I really hope so."	1
Where is the proof sir!!	0
R b l bank when it's hitting 4 digit matk	0
In every Indian citizens accounts  filled with 15 lakhs   old 500&1000  notes.	1
Can we expect 8700 - 8800 levels before RBI EVENT	0
New drama? They are not happy with the freebies they received it seems.	1
"SENSEX FLEW ""TOOOOOO HIGH""...WITHOUT ""THEORIES""...LET'S SEE HOW LONG...""IF IT CAN FLY TO MARS""...BECAUSE IT'S NOT SATISFIED...."	0
Not needed his approval..he has to look better in maharashtra ..lot of farmers are going for sucide every year!!! But he did not find any thing there.	0
Delta crop hold for long term  or sell ?	0
We don't need terrorists supporter idea. Pls let him keep his thoughts with him.	1
If so is the case kapil Mishra should also be held liable for such hawala kand ...cause he was the part of the government  and he knew all these scams prior to his sacking... Shouldn't he liable for the scams???	1
Is management and marketing team ko award of the year	1
"Whoever dnt like loudspeakers in temple r mosque , raise your hand and put thm on ur ears ...every problm will be solved....be united ..jai hind"	1
"People writing in favour of this ad featuring Sunny Leone giving STD awareness etc are forgetting/silent on the ""Flavour"" part of the Ad! I need not explain the ""Flavour"" and indecency interconnection."	1
"Thanks SBS for showing high points ,all people excited to see serial's"	1
Congratulations chef!! you! make us proud. Looking forward to visiting one of yours restaurants when on our next visit to India.	0
"Khushboo Jain this video reminds me of u Jaee Naik do watch this😂😂"	1
We may use english but we dont have an official religion and this is a country of christian people this a country of free people	0
"You have been outspoken, and thats amazing"	0
"Navpreet Kaur heyy if u dont like the topic why u come comment on post ,,, just stay awy with tards"	1
"Okay, Leave akshay kumar. Concentrate on Sonus intentions behind the tweet."	1
"spartans do not have emotions , if you want to be in sparta , throw your emotion in the garbages of cnbc tv 18 ..."	0
"It tragic, and should not have happened. Condolences to the bereaved family. But what is happening in our own country, specially with our own North Eastern people is acceptable?"	1
"Jatin Makwana BJP said implementing Lok Pal is impossible, why isn't he protesting against them?"	0
Why Linux is free and virus proof? Why microsoft windows so expensive? Why it is not virus proof.? Why all PC manufaturers prefer microsoft windows over linux ?	0
how shamelessly Indian Express has been endorsing leftist view for years.. and called themself an unbiased media house. Shame!1	1
This guy doesn't know previous SP govt n its leaders r full of goons ....idiot	1
People who worship cow cannot behead   1 person...leave 100	1
Deepak u tell us wat should have been done to get back the black money	1
"He is not able to tolerate, bcoz he thought that Bihar and India is his personal property, and he can continue ruling (read looting) both, and he is also angry because the tag of India's number one comedian was also taken from him by Kapil Sharma, so he is really frustrated."	1
Other small and mid caps like capital trust for example ? Any further rallies ?	0
Know every BJP member giving tributes but till concrete action taken	1
Is this our democracy??? Incorrect	1
Tatas are industrialist and not businessman so such thing happens	0
This would happen when we hire freshers and tried to take ownership on almost everything without any vision....he hs not only makes a mockery of all Delhites who voted him but also showed how to misuse his power ...all the best coz ur blame game is ur only initiative u hv taken ever since u became cm...crap !!!	1
Because Islam is the most wrongly portrayed blamed disrespected misinformed religion to nonmuslims by media..	1
"Your problem can,be solved anytime, anywhere within 24 hours by bharo sidhi pt.jk jyotishi +91-8968848458 sp.in love marriage, sotandur, dusman chutkara, gharkalesh,nokri,videsh yatra,factory, shop, losses,,helth,childless,all kind of problems"	0
"Stupid stooge of Corrupt dynasty, days of Corrupt dynasty Congress and sickular antinationals are now history. If an Italian woman could rule India for ten years together and looted more than Rs.12 lakhs crores of poor Indians, what is wrong with Modi who is common man elected by the people of India?"	1
"Dear sir,   Namaste   You have any scholarship schemes for undergraduate students in India   If you have any, please inform me sir   Thanking you  Yours obediently  KIRAN"	0
Any change is difficult ... n this one is a tough one ... its important that go through this process and honestly we dont have a choice but to trust our PM.. unfortunatly there is not credible opposition.. opposition is so downmarket ... so useless.. full of jokers.... no credible and weak opposition is also not good for our democracy ..... hope for the best and lets be with PM Modi....	1
People born with golden spoon shouldn't give statements like this... Had she seen some struggle to provide a better future for children she would have known the importance of a working lady..	1
"People who have black money, they will hate him. People who doesn't have black money, they will love PM Modi Ji. 🎩 🎩 🎩"	1
Think so u have read Quran Anurag Mishra	1
Real thought will be revealed......😅😅😅	0
Hello sir I have a question  ?  Why media play with the   our soldier   life. This fucking congress  always  bring obstacle  in the process.  I have only one words to says give freehand to our soldiers  and media provide  clue abut the places. Then there will  be a solution.	1
ONLY 4 TIMES.....WE MEAN LIFETIME.......DEADLINE EXPIRES.....VERY EASILY ......IS IT A WELCOME OFFER....	0
"This post isn't about IIT at all. It's about a student who thought he is going to the right place, only to realise mid-way that he wants his destination changed!! The title and subtitle of the article are misleading. The matter and the title are VERY different. And as Indians aren't good at argumentation anyway, even the readers are discussing the title and not the body of the article!! Lol"	1
NDTV Barkha the congress mirasis has contributed towards change.trp of scam products is zero.manipulating bouquets.let us see ur trp if ur channel is on charge to listeners basis.	1
If true this is what India needs. Innovative and creative. NOT whining ranting complaining and self destructive paranoid comments	0
For betterment of India you join politics and become honest leader and then bark.	1
Revenue projections have to be owned by minister irrespective of projections that is given by industry. That is the only perspective. He should think of scenario building and contingencies in case projections. That is the business perspective. He has to get beyond of self glorification and just own up his budgets	0
"raffael is pending -36 raffael cost more than 50,000 crore -means 15oo crore /raffael  with weaponary system .already no fund with government to acquire 36 raffael ..russian ka -226 multirole chopper --may be on 2 years credit faciltity for indian defence ...."	0
another Jumla from Bhartiya Jumla Party.	1
shubhra Gupta the biased psychotic cursed creature	1
And be sure if anyone of those people who laughted at this pic met me once...only one will be survive.	0
Rose Kılınç I know dear. I agree with that I always say to reduce decibel point of loud speakers. When there are more mosques then 1-2 of them should only use loud speaker. But I hate the way he showed his hypocrisy. He has been my fav singer from a long time but the way he targeted us only and said others don't do anything like this is the thing I am against of.	1
Totally destroyed naxal camp..wipe out them those are committed heinous attack..Why naxal    are not coming in flow of society..where they grow with country..	1
Where do you get your wring information from PM Teresa May states Brexit is Brexit  she is going ahead with the wish of the British people only the USA election is rigged crooked the whike world knows even Egyptian TV states its rigged	0
Why NBFC is hit so hard? Will this be extended further?	0
"So Pak Army crossed over to india, killed ur army personnel, mutilated their bodies and returned unseen."	1
People were bullying her for not pursuing career n now she has stated her opinion and people have started judging her... it's her mentality and opinion that doesn't mean working women consider their kids as puppies.. if she thinks like this then poor her	1
Language is very bad ......we the voters are still alive to see what is going on .....if any of the party who will not work ...we will send them to home ....don't worry	1
Sir pls change the fortune of Andhra..     Modi ::Johnny Johnny yes papa telling lies yes papa  giving spl status no papa	1
"If it is to be banned, then it should be banned for all other religions as well. Got it! It should be same for all festivals of all religions and as well as daily bhajan! Do you agree?"	1
It will not out of the place to mention here Kumar Vishwas have emerged as a potential stake holder of the post of convenor or president of the aap party today owing to his transparency and capabilities in comparison of Kejriwal who had measurably failed at all corner thus he could not be able to keep unity in party at all.	1
Darshil Patel. Patel Parth. I think you should also start speaking😂PPrem Dave	1
Bjp mla means  super nationalist 👏👏👏 no more comments  other wise bhakts send pakistsn tag antinational 🖕🖕🖕	1
Will that reach them in full ? There comes the real scene !!!	0
Demonetization has nothing do with cutting some branches and declare the tree is safe . It's rather shoveling the deep roots and making sure the base is strong for the tree to grow stronger	0
"New job Vacancy in BJP, they are Hiring ISI agents...Interested candidate please contact to Tadipaar Shah and Kailash Vijayvargiya, Fekendra..... Candidate Ability-He must be BJP member...... Deshdrohi Party....BJP+ ISI+ ISIS alliance...."	1
"He tried to do everything, but opposition parties not let him to do"	0
Not only for two wheelers also big threat to four wheelers	0
"While most of the Indians blv tht India is a highly Taxed country.According to Experts, India is a moderately Taxed country"	0
"If MNC 's products are tested why not Patanjali' s? Baba' s licence is divine and others mere mortals. God men can not become MNC heads."	1
Corrupt govt. Won't stop corruption	1
Its the government's duty to do that..not for me to suggest nor any use now in doing so.	1
It is good to see that he is losing mind. People have started sensing his selective muteness. #Opportunist	1
If he is slapped by YOGI he may land in hospital.	1
First raid on MP MLA corporaters and other official of all on black money	1
Ha ha 😃 aaptards believe fekriwal can turn Delhi into London??? He has already shown his standard in 2 years....!!!! People would be better off to have same govt at state and center and then question if things don't work out... then like fekriwal no one can say cudnt work due to this person or that person... don't think Delhites want to listen to all the crap for next 5 years	1
Hmmmm I think Cnbctv18 celebrate 8700 put 1 to 137	0
"there will be time buddy , you will be pushing the polo gt for failure of engine ..."	0
"Him allowing it to be aired makes him a shameless rogue huh? If he had not allowed it to be aired, i wonder what else people like you would be calling him? I am not his fan in the least. Just pointing out the obvious, no matter what one may do, society and people are gonna throw them in negative light. Hypocrisy of humans as always."	1
Ohhhh.. Really... Mrs.  Shahid Kapoor ....😠..no mother wants to leave her kids... It's just d circumstances.. that made her to do so... Hats off to all d working mothers.. who help to run d family.. And toil hard to give much better future to their kids....	1
You deserve meat of dog	1
If Sri Lanka can eradicate group like litte....why India can not destroy these naxalies....enough its enough....it is time for their total eradication frm our beautiful nation	1
Isn't there a law against loud music/sound ...beyond certain decibels loudspeakers should not be allowed ...	1
Respects to a lady who fought all odds even in her death..RIP🙏🙏🙏	0
How dare one police officer can argue with senior MLA that too of ruling party. Police cannot insult MLA who is elected by the people and has to support his people. Police officer should be immediately sacked for misbehaviour	1
All the diesel and petrol are being mixed with kerosene ...so our vehicles Do not last..	1
"Rohitji please stop Congress spokesman,because every debate they are disturb the debate, they already exposed by Indian people, why you are given them importance?"	1
"One thing I want to say don't stick with that fake thing , even if it has happened I would say it was required to control the things as you can see even now also few of the muslims are still supporting pak and having fights .We as a secular country have no issues if they want to go pak and we are happy to live brotherly with other religions including muslims ."	1
Rolls Royce won't even sell their car to someone with a royal enfield.......Because you earn a Rolls Royce......just simply can't buy it.....	0
he knows the Power of Pakistan abd he also knowns that toilets should make first	1
"Misbehavior of MLA's is nothing new. In the presence of Public they want to show their authority to gain popularity. The Police was acting  as per the law. To interfere is like diluting authority of law agencies. He could have discussed the issue with the lady officer instead of acting foolishly."	1
Anna ....my foot . ...	1
Saroj Gupta : do you have any idea how many people sacrificed selflessly for our independence ?? Please be mature and stop blaming	1
"What rubbish u r talking about?Muslim.are peaceful ,the whole worl d is affected by ur peaceful act.as far indian muslims are concern Its all due to some of ur muslims the whole community comes under lens, definitely its wrong but  u can't deny that people are there within ur community who endorse pakistan overwhelming and they know that u can do  in india and get away.Do any pakistani muslim endorse india he or she will has to make his or her aay to the jannat."	1
"in order to fail we have to succeed ..so guys learn my quote leave all this quote -""punish the punishment"" -""reward the reward"""	0
One and the same thing !!	0
please get an additional mic to Latha Venkatesh whilst talking to winners :)	0
"Please please go and watch, Bahubali producer need Rs.150 more to get 1000 crore. If you do not watch, he will hang him self"	0
"The illness is in your mind. Take art for art sake, you will be fine"	1
"EVERYBODY IS TIRED OF DOING WORK PEOPLE SHOULD STOP ELECTRONICAL DEVELOPMENT AND START REGROWING EARTH , POPULATION CONTROL , AND LIVE A PEACEFUL LIFE WHAT WILL YOU GET HAVING A BIG HOUSE AND BIG CARS WHEN THERES NO SPACE TO DRIVE ."	0
Neil Khurana nailed it bro	0
"First protect us(public), then you go for.............. ."	1
"Hopefully sir people like you can bring peace otherwise if you look in the comment box you will find how people easily believe every news shown on t.v ...why not be friends and help each other... you people are good at something we are good at something..we both can grow together and surely sir the people of both the countries need to know the life before 1947 , how we used to live together .."	0
It is shame some MP are not suitable for parliament they only come to be elected for filling their pockets and idiots are paid for doing nothing.	1
"Your words is a huge admission that you were, are & will remain irrelevant in this country.  This country no longer supports your version of secularism."	1
Our country needs to unite and help muslim .. by not doing politics on this issue.. this father has shown what  india is made of..	1
The quantum of gali to modi is directly proportional to black money they have	1
"Proud of PM Modi, Congress party is dragging the country back"	1
modiji hypnotised RBI & FM so he speaks and thinks through them.slight planning or delay in between Rs1000 & Rs500 phasing out could have been a better solution for the common man.now all are suffering.thanks modiji.its gods wish.	1
2 Indian soldiers are enough for your 10 if a surgical strike happened dear...	1
U mean to say if Taurians are eating too much of food (it is their tendency) then other zodiac people should feel bad.. .	0
"I like the comments. .  I am what  I am   I don't aspire  for any authentication  of my practice  of morality which  I kept in sactum  sanctorum. .  Away  from these   I never  identify my self  with any political  party. . It's your view  that I am bakth  blind so on.....  I comment.. and continue  on such  posts  where  it's  needed. . So called  freedom  of speech  ..by presstitues  jargon 😊😊😊"	1
RSS agent Anna was & is .	1
When has jhutistan ever confessed to its animal instinct n butchery ? Beheading has been going on for many yrs now .Pak has ensured it's death soon .	1
they are all liar they can not accept wht they doing since 1947	1
"do not allow ,no body to discover you -discover yourself -be the best selfie of yourself"	0
direct information from bajaj its not bike launch event :-D	1
Rahim Rahim you make it sound as if pork is divine in your culture and that is why you abstain from eating it. Infact Beef and pork are not eaten by Hindus and muslims respectively for totally different reasons.	0
"Working or not working is a personal choice..the way Mira minds people having judgements about her being a house maker the same way she shouldn't be judgemental about women who work after having babies  Working after babies no where means these women love their kids any less than she..some don't have a choice due to financial constraint..some choose it because they want to..as simple as that"	1
contours of corruption is decoded ? ...just decoding what ?	0
yeah the country sellers passed the lokpal but country savers are not able to implement it	1
Good let's welcome new entrants since times are changing that too our Indian company	0
Zen desk is still there in market Woow that's surprising	0
Thanks CNBC-TV18 for sharing this event live because bajaj webcast fails	0
"Jio will only work on phones while the data is on and the phone is 4g. Its bound to fail.Its the most crap service...plus all other companies have rival offers which are better."	1
Good that market has come down to sensible level.The strong hand thought earlier will vanish.Good for small investors.Govt.should also think about demonitisation of Rs.100 and 50 also.	0
Do RSS represents all hindus in India ??	0
Abhijeet Ravi Yechuri don't have an option than to rest in his laurels.	0
"Markets will crash in November, wait to buy at lower levels"	0
"Sachin Dattatray Dhankude says that if, by going symbol-less, he is successful in bringing about a rule that will write off symbols for election candidates, he is ready to take on the risk as it will fulfill his “larger aim”."	0
What a shame.he don't have any comment so said in front of media..wat receive via wats up	0
Muslim living in india are totallly differnt from muslim lving other part of world..!!  They r more sensable and educated..!!!  But one such decisions from old man allow others to think  how indians reacts to terrorism	1
Best men to serve in the absence period.... !	0
"I support his speech, RSS is divider of country, they do not want to stay peace in India. communal"	1
This old man has nothing in his mind. He doesn't understand politics in India. Whatever little success he got earlier was because of AK and other. Now try to  agitate for Jonlokpal. BJP will crush you.  Doesn't have courage to stand up and speak against BJP.	1
Thank you very much for making us proud. ...to both the lady..	0
If I see a girl in advertise regarding speed of Ariel speed I kill her	1
All drama. Even Modi dragged her mother in this for sympathy(empathy)	1
#LIVE | NSE से #PehlaKadam season 2 Grand Finale	0
And whom to blame for rising violence against minorities?	1
"U can hate Indian government for ur personal reason, but they are trying to make a change and are successful to some extend . Appreciate it . Don't be an idiot"	1
first seize all guns from north India.	1
"Rohit sardana stop shedding crocodile tears. Your debate is only for TRP and exhibit your vocabulary. In TV debates, every one is sitting in TV as much you are sitting. Stop this rant ""TV mae baitke"". Go to their office and talk without camera and note down the same and read in front of your TV."	1
"Let me guess.  Those accused must be the Khans of Bollywood. The only meaningful statement in your comment is ""GREAT MOVIE BAAHUBALI""."	0
Very good 👍 as it  will help to deliver SMART TRAFIC MANAGEMENT SYSTEM through Community Trafic with lots of Health Care benifits for all at all ages with reduced air pollution 👍 (trrades will not be effected )✔	0
"No single person/ company can fund such a huge sum. It means that the producers will form a consortium to borrow funds from the public or the banks which means that you and I being a depositor or a investor will be bearing the credit risk of this project. For one, this can never be successful becoz Mahabharatha is not a novel, it is an epic of the heroic age nor India has a market to make it successful. Dangal's gross is only some 450 cr. Ultimately, we will be the losers"	1
"Can anyone say with conviction the benefits of using loudspeakers  in the name of religion -Hinduism,Islam or any other- which on the other hand does harass and hassle others?"	1
"Why we have to west time. Scrap LOC Ceasefire accord's 2014 NDA . Start surgical strike."	0
Hell i thanked god for not born in creepy place like up	1
Get away you communists 😂😂😂 we don't need you. You anti-nationals are a stain on India.	1
Like Modi dumped his wife in 21st century.	1
"Its now clear that Pak hostilities & Naxal hostilities will increase as 2019 approaches , this is to malign Modi & create dissatisfaction among voters .. media will blow it up as usual . Pls remember both Pak & Naxals r in cahoot with opposition parties of India , they r in touch through back channels .. People should not get confused people must understand this conspiracy & stand firmly with Modi"	0
Nothing new about it British had many middle East lands under it's control everyone knows tht	0
All those who kill their wives or abandon them have a special place of Honor within the BJP.	1
Demonitization has impacted every Sector by and large.though short term.	0
stop wasting your time. ...and sell ur urine products to Indian. ....by drinking ur urine product India will become strong	1
India has grown faster than China for the past one year. China fudges data and is a currency manipulator.	0
....trying to find a place in Indian MEDIA for free publicity. .incompetent person	1
"'If there is a recession for 2-3 quarters, the whole supply chain faces risk'"	0
"This is just a blame game to fool delhi people , AAP is not at all good party for india , they are urban Naxalites who are anti-india ."	1
Every time Nawaz govt. in trouble these Indians come up with some thing.  Why was Jindal here met Nawaz and now this happens	1
It's not Debate time.. It's time  for action ...no space for diplomacy action .but for militarely action..	0
"There is no hash tag for human brain pls. Who ever it is, the Intellect should be applouded. The media and the politicians are running in the same dirty stream."	1
He means to say that he has created many opportunities..!!😜👽	0
"No cribs, just face it and it's for some time."	0
"You read the news? The two were patrolling in border, Pak army no need to enter the India more than 10 metres you think in border army stand in line or those half a million soldiers stand at border. Literally it is a guerilla attack. Pak army did genocide in Bengal"	1
Luk who's talking abt cultural talks	1
Will there be any impact of the france elections....in our market.....and also MCD delhi......	0
"Mr. Bipin Chandra Bhatt , there is an organization called https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Muslim_Rashtriya_Manch which is under RSS. I do believe RSS is secular"	0
So called seculars ruled nation for 60yrs and they didn't even banned RSS......lol	1
Dear India will u again label today's valley wide protests as paid and ignited by Pakistan via Social media. Will u again label all the students having received 500 or 1000 INR to protest today on the stake of their career. Come on grow up talk it's too late. The situation is worth attention catching.	1
We don't know.  We just wants revenge.  This is not fare.	1
MODI ONLY NEED PLACE TO TRAVEL. AND NEWS CHANNEL NEED NEWS FOR MONEY. THEY JUST FIND THE PROBLEM NOT ACTUAL SOLUTION. SHAME ON INDIA NEWS CHANNEL AND INDIA PRIME MINISTER.	1
"What about Goa please ????? This is for only 2019 . Chaddi dharis have no respect for cow . Had it been so they would have banned in Goa and North East. THIS IS ONLY election purpose for 2019 and nothing else ."	1
And you blind Bhakths believe that our EVMs are not tampered with ? You deserve this :D !!	1
N I spent same price month ago fr Rs200abs..  😒😒#	0
Should ONGC be bought at this level??  What could be the long term target??	0
I HAVE 4 LOT SHORT SELL IN ULTRATEC CEMNT 4000 RATE WHAT SHOUD I DO	0
"if they not involved in corruption ,and work hard for the welfare of our country then no one can stop them."	0
Every governmental work or agreement done in the name of President. You are so stupid	1
Feku Modi can only loot India & bluff everyone with lies & fake promises.	1
Two aspects of....first a good humane initiative..........second...a deadly omen....where we are heading....when we can't breathe freely....do we need to purchase machine to breathe and survive...since such installation is not cure for ever growing problem.. but a warning sign to all of us	1
"They have no knowledge of  our history and the sacrifices  of our leaders. There was no cow included. People critising   our leaders were not even born , .just trying to protect their hooligans. It is a shame to justifice the continued lawlessness."	1
"Seriously what met gala is? I have heard of grammys. Oscars and other shows but never heard of met gala. Is this a another award show?  And btw she is new defination of asian beauty in hollywood and making india proud through her work"	0
Is that not against secularism?	0
Yes and thank you for not joining AAP. You would have sold it to the Government in power.	1
Actually v ve better thngs to do dan fighting over religion....say watchng movies togedr...vng beef biryani togedr...ving a sumptuous sadya togeder...actually no time fr anythng else😀	0
BJP HAVE LEADERS. WHY NDTV IN PAIN  ? JUST THINK ABOUT PAPPU WHERE HE IS  ?	1
Speech is like boring song where you go out and visit wash room !	0
Why are you so annoyed? I don't object your opinion. You are free to have. Having an opinion is not equal to judging......😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂	1
I have high hopes let's see how it turns out	0
Did u actually listen what he said next move to get regularise the salary of labour	1
"very soon we will start seeing #EDC machine option in #cashondelivery option, if #ecomerce companies has to retain their business."	0
very very wrong this stupid survey	1
400 cc and 148 top speed with 35 ps??? Bajaj is kidding😂😂😂😂	0
"As easy,today feminism is all about male bashing"	1
"Dear Friends I had my first meeting with the film makers as i am making a short film How flat buyers to be attentive while booking the flat , need your support & suggestions As i have initiated & taken this bold step Please come forward, YOU CAN, I CAN, & WE ALL CAN . In solidarity Jai Hind"	0
Who needs NSG....we are getting uranium any ways....and tech ....	1
Rajnath and Meghraj are part of the entire dirty game of demonetisation and have never missed an opportunity of doing flattery. Where is money which was to be brought back to India from Switzerland their boss is repeatedly speaking about with tears in his eyes. Chamchas have no right to write.	1
We are sad for this unfortunate incidence and loosing our warriors. Govt. should and will fight back and give reply to this. May God give strength to the family members of the Martyrs.	1
How many times have ur history books been rewritten 😂😂😂😂😂	1
"People of india enjoy haterism , communalism.......leave world internally we have become stupid economy......"	1
"By the time you recover your capital , this sonia will be as old as sonia gandhi.  Lolx"	0
wonder why a decent dinner in a decent restaurant can not happen via credit/debit cards	1
Let me see....How many MUSLIM men stand up for this Poor Lady ??	1
Wao!! Really!! Is it a massive win!!! 😀.. why do you love to fool the public????.. whoever has penned this article!!  ..	1
No one can replace the caliber and skill of Mr. Ratan Tata.  Mistry made mess of things with the result the credibility of TATAs brand equity started loosing.	0
"Why are we giving importance to this FLOP director? Does he even exist? His opinion really matters?"	0
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) and Alibaba jointly announced a long-term partnership through 2028	0
I can see some beggars comment asking for 15 lakhs?? What a Shame	1
Israel's days are short. They will burn	1
Yes Kalpesh Jain You have the next bluechip stock Edelweiss... N ur bet on Bharti...	0
How does this 3 pm move play out on every single expiry? Are the markets so easily prone to manipulation?	0
Why some people are against to every step of Modi may be they are having black money	1
What a point PAWAN KHERA...Even I have not lost any family member to make this country free. Then I would not feel the pain of our Jawans.	1
Y u added that things dalit . U think those ppls doesn't have knowledge.1st u guys change ur attitude than u hav 2 analyse others	1
"You are a shame Mr. Mallya, did u forget you were a member of the same parliament. Also, not paying employees is a criminal ofense as you take away their basic wages making people starve in poverty and emotionally harasses their family. If morality were to previal you should be left in a dark cell with no light for the rest of your life."	1
"UBI. Will be become loot  Provide job like china & old Russia  But  No money as UBI Don't tax more taxpayers  Hardly 2% pay   Col lamba"	0
"Carry out autopsy first. May be killed by cross border fires but Indians were afraid to fetch them in view of Paki fire and animals feasted their flesh.."	1
Awwww congratulations to the lovely couple!! Definitely a dream come true for the two of you 😊	0
Mr Modi pls SHUT DOWN JNU. We don't​ want our tax payer's money to be used for such terrorists.	1
Good work by Mr. Harish Salve. Salutations to him.	0
"Wow great pak army zindabad ..... feelng proud ... I thnk jab bat ki team ne indian k 2 soldiers ko maara tab india soldier soo rhe the shayad ... I think yeh toh sugrical strike ho gai :P"	1
"hello we already waited for 2 years, no response, so its our turn, you just sit and watch"	0
"Funny none of u homos could ans me so Again i ask do i have the right to burn qur@n, B!ble?"	1
Gnta kuch nhi krenge bs ese hi mrte rhenge fuudu govt he India ki netaao Ko kya frk pdta he agr bdla dekhna he to France ka dekho on the spot	1
"Great , We need such type of journalisme  §Great"	0
"Then what you will say for not taking Kashmir when we won 1971 war and 1947 war..  Why Hindu pandit were killed in Kashmir..  Why there is no voice from you when Hindus are murdered in Muslim majority states. WB,  UP,  all had attacks against Hindu,  I don't see any left,  Muslim or Congress crying for that"	1
I am happy to see he speaking for the first time in the last 14 years...He is very smart and intellectual and there is no way anyone can be compared to him...we are so unfortunate to have this kind of people talking for Gandhis but not for country...	1
In the interest of nation all parties must support passage and implementation of GST Bill and defeat the feudal dynastic designs of the Congress party for whom sadly 2 individuals are above the nation and above  the ethos of the founding Fathers of Congress party !	0
Siddharth Singh Tomar....U Nailed it Bro 👍	0
Thats the gods honest truth.  She is a loony!!!!!	1
He is a BJP ian.	1
"Communists vermin were behind Partition of India, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfbUE5tp0zE"	1
Do you think bank nifty upmove is gona continue till this weekly expiry?	0
Respect at all. But make india green and living simple	0
Israel is a Zionist state that Jews happen to have privilege in.	0
#app wapsi all desh virodhi news channels	1
"AAP attacks army, sides separatists. Kaviver comes to do cover up. THen changes his statement ""Mera ye matalb nahi tha"" Dont fool us. We are not from delhi."	1
I believe maggy is a brand tat capture the consumers psychology	0
till now India is stuck wheather the muslims are nationalist and hindus are secular or not...	0
When kerala police themselves indulge in moral policing will these shiv sena goondas lag behind? All govts irrespective of political color r ineffective in curbing sexual crimes.	1
"Gail, Kotak mahindra bank & ITC. Very less Risk.three upcoming emerging sectors ..Disclosure Pls invest only after understanding risk profile."	0
He even not deserve to board in train & not even to bailgadi	1
What about buerocrats ans minsters of all parties including BJP	1
"Salute you Sir , at least you started waiting for the result 👍🏼"	0
Some cases of overdoing are there. But in mob it happens.	0
What really happened in INFIBEAM today  highly volatile today?	0
"Last year, Tharoor had sought to introduce a private member's bill seeking decriminalization of homosexuality. However, his bid failed twice in Lok Sabha."	0
"How soon do you think, the 5G will go live in India and  the transformation to wireless and paperless workspace ?"	0
Why to vote these goonda party vote to Modi and BJP	1
Shame for u for writing such comment. Try to have full information before writing this. Don't support cow smugglers.	1
Drivers of Bus should understand they are putiting their n passangers life in Danger ...?????	0
"Y most of the Indians are intolerant n violent.?  It is easy to use word destruction. It is not war of swords or AK47. It Will be nuclear war. I think your brain is grazing grass."	1
If u have someone in ur mind as bheema.. Plz mention... Let me know...	1
no one plays sankh on loudspeaker	1
I expect a resolution on large value NPAs in 2017: Arundhati Bhattacharya	0
#isi and RSS is against of secularism and the enemy of nation	1
"So what they will do, prestitute wont support them, if they kill terrorist prestitute support terrorist. Call our militancy rapist why he serve the nation for because for safety of prestitute office. So called secular media ask proof   of surgical strike"	1
You can not escape from the sin of promoting this useless fellow	1
"When cat close its eyes, the cat think the world is dark.First Modi need to ban all religious fundamental groups irrespective of any religion."	1
"Was he the lone one involved ? Wt abt d finance minister,officials,brokers etc involved ??"	0
"dont know about US govt but here in india , Modi n RSS Bhakts will do bhajan n kirtans of D.trump as dey found new god in him"	1
"Sonia ji, looks like you are not in best health today, take care"	0
"A North Indian party that is unpatriotic, n spreading hate . Like the Muslims they also have a large base of illiterate Hindus who are being frightened that their religion is in danger ha ha ha !"	1
Azaan ali are u sure who's supporting isis when ur people are waving both isis and paki flag both on right and left hand	0
She is a priviledged idiot 😉	1
Stop these type of loud speakers...	1
"It's his opinion, let him exercise his freedom of expression"	1
I m sorry for sing paa g but near bahdr no excuse	0
"Exceeding of reservation above 50% will be banned by supreme court .so shut up fools.And if you all want reservation,then don't talk about not living in a developed country."	1
No value of Anna .	1
Actually all rohith supporters are in turn yakub supporters as rohith supported yakub😂😂😂	1
Hahaha...defending thieves ??? What will you do if you have only a pair of bulls to cultivate and they are stolen ? Wont you beat thieves who get caught by doing so..	1
CPm are the Arabi Muslims antiindia terrorist nexus under JNU dirty guys .	1
"Mentaly sick ,sonu...should sing in temple in the morning...and will not get disturbed by AZaan.,besides he can use cow dung in his ears..for the said purpose."	1
"udhav has shown bjp its place,bravo shivsena"	1
Jay Mata di I challenge worldwide all country governments political worker's leader change the public court rules regulations law rights now action I have worldwide single powerful economic key I am God volunteer of Canada USA united state America oil of xl oil bahadur oil supply for future all Asia by bye by bye by bye by	1
It is a Democratic country. If Yogi is so bad people of this country will get a chance very soon. Need not worry at all. Then express report.. ..total nonsense.	1
Actually this ##islamic religion responsible for such a mess up scenario around the world.	1
"Who gave this sutpid survey.  At band 40, I get max speef of 2.32 mbs. At band 5, I get max speed of 1.17 mbs.  But yesterday when i was at jio service center the speed was 23 mbs at band 40 and 2.23 mbs at band 5. These speed are tested at Rampur and delhi C.P. over oklah speed test.  To watch movie on youtube at i have use my BSNL 3g network because jio buffer a lot at 144 kbs size.  Now i have given money plz give us some proper speed."	1
Now Wake up what you did in your period please check. PM Modiji take bold step please support not accuses.	0
It is fully responsbilty of NAP TOAL Department govern by Government. public has right to chack goods value after paying currency.It is clear and objectionable offence under indian penale code.	0
"Whole India vl support you , except black money ppl vl against you"	1
"Thanks for My non-Muslims bros who condemn Sonu's tweet...but some people are commenting abt noise pollution n they said that Sonu's tweet abt noise pollution... But one thing i wanna ask them that, is musical concerts reducing noise pollution...?"	1
I dont get it how India is priority for India? ? U 1st launched in USA... and its 2500 costlier then USA price and 2000 costlier then HK price ... y india has to pay 2500 extra?? How India has priority? I hope u wont avoid this q....	1
Killing wife isn't issue in Modis rule...issue is triple talaq...	1
There is nothing better in this world than being brought up by a working woman. Working mothers are loved and respected so much more by their kids. This is coming from a strong independent daughter of a strong independent mother.	1
For going cashless there was no need to ban currency. These schemes if launched without demonitization would have also had effect	1
"clean up, rbi governor and modi immediately.to, save our country."	1
"How can you say that bro? It is the duty of the citizens and the government to care for the minority. Have you heard if the islamic country Bahrain? Do you know how peaceful its there. Watch and learn, a monarchy so good that gives rights, safety,care to all cultures and religions. And back in India, our home we fight amongst ourselves. Why? Eat what you want. Majority and minority shouldnt matter. Its not like we are killing people. Beef for life!"	1
It's performance issue...... He was putting much efforts..... on cash mulching TCS.....no inner politics....don't play TRP game	0
I am weak @ maths in my family plz don't irritate me	0
"Only life time actor  That too cz he's an old legend  No doubt he was great bt his era has gone  Now all he's doing is just timepass"	1
You sd take care of Farah khan who is out of ur hands idiot.Children are not allowed to tweet over political issue	1
Well said sonu..you have courage to stand against dadagiri of Muslims	1
Hahaha .... good survey asking people who are any way anti modi and then showing us modi is wrong and did wrong waaah!!! Cnbc	0
I wont sing like this to buy this .. :-(	0
How come u gave tax exempt to political pupil what is the use doing all ?	1
Azam Khan- you did not object to what Kharge had said but has the audacity to pass your filthy comments on PM' reply. Actually it may not be your fault. Your upbringing is faulty.	1
"In last year’s Rail Budget, Railway minister Suresh Prabhu had said that the impact of the 7th Pay Commission would take the operating ratio to 92 per cent in 2016-17"	0
Indian Govt. Is total waste...//// Only giving speech.....//// They can't do anything.....//// Really its very sad news..\\\\\	1
"Hello Sir, U enjoyed ur tenure n we d people of india also lucky to have governer like u who always thought for d better economy for india. Hats off to u sir.  U r gr8 for us now n forever.  Salute n Respect sir."	0
Yes. Anna saved AAP from becoming fake like him. Thanks Anna.	0
"But @Ajay Thomas we have many Hindus who believe fall into the North Indian illiterate category that really believe Hinduism is being attacked !!!   Is there any country where Christians , Hindus, Muslims and any Religion is seen living in such harmony , understanding and peace. ??  Imagine these fools supporting them ? And they want others that they don't like Beef. What a Fraud of the first order ?"	1
"I m from.Pakistan and surprised to hear such news. Coz got same news from Indian side some week ago. May be just for play to emotions with people of both side. My sympathies are with effected families."	0
hi @sambit patra why india govt not taken any seviour action aignest pakistan....	0
"These types of maulanas are not the maulanas in itself. People who spoke venom against any of the religion will never be right.  And i am with our CM Yogi G. 🖒"	1
"The Court has done justice. There should not be any restriction, ban on food for the human beings to eat. Look in the west & the rest of the world the stores are full of all sorts of food, vegetarian/ non- vegetarian, beef, pork, mutton. Chicken all sorts. The choice is there, all the customers Christians, Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains Muslims etc. They go to these store & buy what they like, every one has the freedom to choose , to eat they like. Why India is so intolerant, so narrow minded ?"	1
"honourable former pm we common people don't know which is plundering work or not but think the demonetization scheme will help country for future development and it is not such plunder like 2g scam,coal block.....if you think it will decline GDP and plunder work we will accept it like other...."	0
Our Indian Führer is also Obsessed with his Religious Ideology. Ours is Miles ahead in Religious Bigotry and Kills Humans because of his Hate.	1
"That is why you hand our your ladies to north Indian kashmiris that too muslims, now say national integration, very laughable"	1
I too was happy when the rioter and plotter of 2002 riots were awarded by then govt in gujarat	1
"Wtt protest ha who tld c there were 3500 thousnd people idiit hhahahah and oky iy rss did bandh ha for disturbng studnt while right xam if rss and bjp and supprtng india it shud nt done bandh bt thr bandh was fail no one cared abut the bus,collage ,school,shop were in there daily work bt the prblm was people afraid of RSS terrirts party thy r nt human right thy idiot who cme spoil peacrfull india"	1
"Whether they win any medal or lose, every olympians should be treated as same."	0
Tata Cousel: No petition to remove Cyrus Mistry as Director of Tata Sons	0
"This is nothing but, New fodder for sickulars"	1
Suraj Subramanian You think India is so incapacitated that we don't have any other economist......	1
"Yeah right.. when you bomb people country leaving them homeless, you are indeed doing a favour!! By the way.. it shows how much history you and I know !! The only problem with Muslims is they don't break when oppression falls upon them.. they fight back.. yeah that's a problem! Be oppressed, Muslims are the opposite in Palestine, Kashmir.. everywhere!"	1
First finish doggy. Then attack Pakistan. Dogy is more dangerous than Pakistan	1
Guys Bajaj is Indian company y should we sing other song sing Indian songs	1
Who cares you. you old man.	1
"He is now desh bhakt & not criminal also...B,coz he join bjp."	1
"Just clarifying, the data has been released by the government, right?"	1
PR gimmick. Is he responding to each and every victim of triple talaq. Such pretentiousness is sickening.	1
Good but Why not say it in parliament to hear a counter view ?	1
Aamir Shaikh dont worry we will ensure u remain minority till 2800	1
Azam may feel  😴  tired  after election  !	1
Gr8 start...not an end..need to look at common man problems and taxes...	1
Killing people be it Sanghi or Red can't be an affair of a particular state. The Left must be made accountable for the killings.	1
Only dirty politics...& politicians make a big issue...	1
It is essential to be seen as impartial so hinting at Delhi govt and AK was necessary for credibility. His message is without dispute.	0
"In the letter, Mishra claimed that the way AAP leaders and volunteers were quick to brand Bhardwaj as a BJP worker aroused suspicion that the entire episode was scripted ""like the past attacks on you (Kejriwal)""."	0
Provide shelter to terrorist..A person who's entry was banned in UK nd US cz of murder of thousands of Muslims is talking about terrorists nd terrorism	1
Look don't blame the gun what kind of beer was it.....	1
apples nearest vendor india for asian market  ...china unsold pieces can also be shifted instantly to india.	0
Yes.. Dawood is not in Pakistan as Osama was also not in a very peaceful nation - Pakistan	0
We need to triple in 5 years not 15 years	0
"His frustration of being jobless nowadays pushes in such a deep shock,"	1
means rajdeep is cooked  on daily basis by the home minister .....howzaat?	0
I hope this is not for army officers.Only use for   killing terrorist.	1
Congratulations to all participants and winners.. Keep the startup culture on👍🎉	0
"i am salaried, also working with LIC as advisor, which ITR should i be filing ??"	0
You are targeting Yogi with cheap third rate person why don't you give some time to prove himself You are not a news paper you have hidden agenda and an axe to grind	1
"I like this act. But what i dont like is, the new money is again going to wrong pockets. We are struggling to get one 2000 rs note after standing in a huge line for hours. But all the  big shots are getting money to their homes directly from the bank. what the hell is really going with the RBI and banks."	1
Indians are basically hypocrites. It is a sex starved nation but is unwilling to discuss it openly. Bollywood films show the leading pair singing & running around trees fully clothed & in the next shot the actress is shown as pregnant. What can we expect from people with double standards who think of sex all the time but try to sweep it under the carpet when it comes to issues like sex education!	1
What is criteria of massive win Indian Express? 84 VS 80?	1
You people say banks have not cut deposit rates.. Please check rates have come down from average 9.25% to current 7.5%.. Banks may have not cut their lending rates by that much.. Please look into that rather than cutting deposit rates further... Also I hope bjp does not appoint a governor whose job will be to only cut interest rates..	0
"I am also living beside Temple, we have not create such a thing in mind,we Muslim respect all religion ,we don't thing that's bhajans, are disturbing us,"	1
Proper dose of anything is good but overdose is harmful. Playing our national anthem in the middle of the game is also an insult to it. It shows over patriotism only nullifies the very purpose and respect to our national anthem and many such people may not know the full version and meaning of it.	1
Because you have already CHELA of bjp rss	1
"How do we know, who claims responsibility??? Do they post any video or statement??? If they are so friendly with journalist, doesn't it makes journalist, a terrorist?"	1
that's the difference between aap and rss .	0
Ever heard of Sree padmanabha temple? Ever heard of Trivandrum?	1
"💥Part Time JOBS  ⭐ earn daily 500/-to2000/-  ⭐ No Registration Fees   ⭐ No Hard Work   ⭐ Govt. certified company  ⭐ if you want to join?   ⭐ type ""MOBILE JOB"" and        send it to whatsapp   ⭐ WhatsApp num:      + 918447997907"	0
Swollen cheeks...he should retire or pack up and find a tolerant country elsewhere.	1
"Dear China , Pls focus on making quality product rather then infiltrating into Arunachal Pradesh."	0
"Yes of course! Unless he/she is passionate, it's all about the brand."	1
Does Afrin still maintain that there was a Fatwa. Is she using the fake fatwa to generate free publicity for herself at the cost of the community.	1
Everything start with cow nd end with it like there's nothing else to talk and by the way beef ban is by SC not BJP govt so open up ur mind a little b4 barking	1
Maturity doesn't always come with age. Shame!	1
"If RBI says, there is bound to be some good, valid reason. Every defaulter is not a wilful defaulter. For the government, the aim must be 2 fold. The businesses must run profitably generating employment and production. Loans must be recovered with due interest, in a proper manner. Both must be balanced."	0
"I agree, that there is no point of making a goon a CM, who will decide whether he is a goon or not?"	1
This policy of Congress is responsible for present situation in Kashmir.	1
kashmiri problem is not solve by govt.alway making critical and rss is the ghost who interfers always since 1950 in the kashmir stop rss interfrrence talk and win hearts of kashmiri to keep in india.	1
Work of a news paper is to provide information not to judge anybody on their own and then make people accept that judgement. But sadly all newspapers and TV news channels in India behaves like supreme court . They will have their own judgement on every topic.	1
It's bhakt culture which is always exposed when they talk	1
"Love him. But one thing is clear, Leftists and AAPTARDS want only their representatives to speak. EVERY ONE ELSE MUST KEEP pin drop silence"	1
"Modi want to spread hindusm n he know that yogi Adityanath is pure hindu saint... RIP BJP"	0
One can buy with a sl 850 for tgt 901/938/951/980/1038 for  period six months	0
Hello pls may I know your views on idfcbank and rblbank ?	0
"There should be harmony,   the culprits must be punished irrespective of religion.   Not to favor any relegion."	0
Join BJP bro thats your right place 🤐😂😂😂😂	1
"If it is to be banned, then it should be banned for all other religions as well."	1
Where are our surface Missiles...? Test one of those now	1
"Not to stay in power, but for development, all these issues r important.We must protect cows at any cost."	0
do not block the road ...baam baam .....leave way for chennai bus	0
FIR should be registered against MLA.	1
Wish we all could do business in the same manner and make tons of money.....I would like to get the reactions of the top leadership in the Congress...Lets see what they have to say.	0
#Tata Group unexpected and I unimagined... because of your tussle we shareholders are getting destroyed...Tata Communications shares are down 11% since October 24	1
"If it were true, we wud hav also condemn those clerics... This girl is unnecessary projecting herself as victim card and gaining publicity"	1
Ratan i look forward to be the next sucessor as Chaairman.	0
no muslim target.. poverty and infra development will be target. muslim is our brother not a paki.	0
"That's how it should be 👍 Development and progress of india is unstoppable.. Modi is on the job.  'Indian Express', if you want become 'pak express'. Don't try to mess up with Modi. 😬"	1
"Dear ignorant journalist Kalyan Das, I have been in this country since last 17 years. Now go and check facts or just keep creating false narrative."	1
Imran Ahamed ppl like you are real culprits for backwardness of Indian.. Because of such thinking politicians are using you as vote bank.. very good	0
You are targetting a 80 yrs old former soldier of indian army who has sacrificed his whole life in spreading awareness against liquor in Maharashtra from last so many years. What are you doing.. Mr Joker ?	1
check the fight scene of 56year old... which u cant do in ur young age... he has done this action scenes without any dupe	1
I think cyrus you should have fought for your rights you laid down your knees too early	0
Can the tax exemption to political parties be explained in detail?	1
why dont u make ur room sound proof..simple	1
Sorry our govt couldn't appoint a full time defense Minister. One Minister give up because of pressure of defense ministry. Our govt  know only how to politically use soldier and their wins.	1
Such an ignorant racist comment. You have equated ignorance to Hinduism and meat eating as something elite and culturally superior. So much for the self bragging superior mindset.	1
"would like to know on Welspun india, REC, Wockhardt, GATI, and Metalyst"	0
Giving it time may again paralyse it's effect sudden move required	1
Excellent move. Now there will be no impact on company's shareholders.	0
"disclosure of 500 1000 note will may be touch 25 lakh crore  coz of reuse spoil money by Congress."	1
"💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
Now hard reality coming with common people ...feeling sad 😟	1
Pitty for you guys... 90%hindus are non veg...😂😂😂 . Oh buthurted.. many of hindus also eat pork... Much more proteinous then otherwise... What can you do is just pasing  comments on beef..  you laugh on our religious beliefs.. but you don't look at yours...😂😂😂😂 72 virgins 4 wifes.. and all those stufs	1
sir j berger paint idfc bank ambuja which 2 stocks enter rite time plzzz tell me	0
what about the pollution you cause to the environment ...bill pay the bill	0
The advertisers shud be in trouble. Bt condoms & actors shud nt b.	1
After twin tower bombed Indians never said do we belong here in America	1
Hello we all appreciate tish moves.but we r small businessman how could we recover today's loss	1
"The gutted S6 coach of Sabarmati Express still stands at the Godhra railway yard, a grim reminder of one of the worst tragedies in India’s recent history."	0
The Nonstopable - Chandra Gupta Maurya of present generation. India will attain the great height under his leadership-the New India on the way. India is under Modifications...	0
for next olympic we won't see them. B'coz they are now billiniores	0
Guess what...  All this happens daily right..??	1
Why is he speaking only in BJP parliamentary meet .......are we not eligible to hear his speech as a citizen of india	1
Real pm who will take indians to hights or down	1
Secularism is India means Muslim appeasement nothing else...	1
"you used your power as CM for 15 years and looted bihar, and now your son is looting. mr prasad everybody knows what you had done for bihar, so please shut your dirty mouth and sit at home."	1
"The one whom you are saying to bark, seems to be a senior person. Have some respect!"	0
Share of digital in total revenue for IT firms is 12-15%: NASSCOM	0
"Harvard University is not teaching fraudulent ways of creating false GDP , Modiji.only U people can do it ."	1
Now I understood why srk slapped him	1
See wha t suprim Cory say about it	1
"Henri Kontinen and John Peers captured the doubles title, thwarting Bob and Mike Bryan's attempt to win a record-equaling 17th Grand Slam title."	0
"Palaniswami , Panneerselvam and all others in AiADMK should get together and form the government. Also they should boycott and remove sasikala and all members of her near and far family from anything to do with AIADMK. This is the chance to clean and cleanse Tamil Nadu from the corrupt woman who should never get any chance at any further social life. KILL CORRUPTION AND TAMIL NADU HAS A CHANCE TO SET EXAMPLE FOR REST OF INDIA."	1
Hahahaha......singing is for health but don't Fire	0
Hi Anuj - any views on IFCI; considering the near term listing	0
"Decision is correct but execution is not so good, a proper planning with correct execution would have been good."	1
Aditya it has the same engine bottoms. Do ur grandma and girlfriend share the same bottom end	1
This problem is occur only in India not in other countries?	1
Whats should one do with Sun Pharma? Its just going down hill day after day :(	0
Kejriwal is better working corruption free . Anna have dirty politics what happened to your lokpal fights and fast during UPA period. You are product of dirty swine.	1
So you are feeling very comfortable with it if it's not painted as communal.	0
sure you can beat it with I20 .... Lmao 😂	1
Is  this  English  version  of  desabhimani	1
Why they bring cow and in the fair to sell when they know what will be fate of cow and calf.	0
"Where is that illegitimate kid o communists, congressis, presstitutes andf john dayal Mizz Gurmeher who till date don't know whether her father died in Kargil or in encounter with terrorist to meet these people and convince and console???  :/"	1
Still better than paki national anthem	1
"An atheist is like a lizard who keeps changing his colours                             -anonymous"	1
Slogans of secularism means slogans of anti Hindu	1
Why all sectors doing well...but Real estate not performing ? Even after smart cities announcment	0
"TCS Q3: $ Revenue up 0.3% at $4,387 m vs estimates of $4,382 m"	0
"When will the design of Bajaj Auto change...still the same for time ...and its not classic. Unsafe, dangerous"	1
"Fear that time when no azaan is prayed in the fajr , then you ll know why fajr azaan was the most important."	1
CNBC-TV18 Shame on you..  It took you so many days while millions of people were people were protesting against the ban on jallikattu.. And you mentioned 3000 people.. I would suggest you to go to eye doctor immediately...  People were in lakhs...  The entire TamilNadu is protesting..	0
Is icici bank a public sector or private sector??.why is it not performing???	0
Forget gold government should ban cheque payments . Lakhs of cheque bouncing cases pending in courts	0
they are not even seeing other players who went rio.	0
I am just waiting for Indian Surgical Strike Part II directed by Rohit Shetty.	1
"Shyam Nath.  As per intelligence report there has happened 5000 conversions in these past years and police had investigated the case regarding all the conversions and they have found that not  even one among these were forced upon them. They even couldn't find any proof for love jihad as well.  As per their investigation, it was found that all the conversion were happened as an Ideological change only."	0
CPIM does not have the numbers to get him elected from West Bengal. Left have 32 MLAs & need 39 to get him elected. While their friend congress has 39 MLAs. So this is the reason for his stepping aside..not because of some protocol/policy in his party. It is as simple as that..	0
Just asking in Curiosity In upcoming days if any political party in PUNJAB announces LIQUORS Banned then which stocks can get hammered?	0
Vipul Chauhan my friend if you don't know about Donald Trump it's not your mistake bcz paid Indian media is showing only they want.  But let me tell you He didn't killed people in the name of religion. And he is only doing what he said before election. He is not diverting people's mind in name of Gaoraksha and ram mandir.	1
"Muslims get every type of support and voodwillto live in the society as honoured members but what do they give back to the society where they enter as refugees, persons in distress etc claiming that their rule is superior to all others, that they have the right to convert others to their religion , rape them   kill them. it is these that makes the matter different for them. Things will be a lot different if the adopt the policy of live nd ketlive."	1
Royal Enfield is no longer hand made.... The legacy has ended long ago	0
No one is stopping the people who don't have bank accounts from opening one. So why aren't you encouraging them to open bank accounts instead of complaining	1
HAHAHAHAH Why is this person making the news?	1
Please take care of quality of crome & mettle it should not rust easily	0
"💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
journey by sitting on other's shoulder.if bsnl stop cooperating jio will be zero	1
"Don't look behind go ahead with ur plan we all with you Blody opposition are dog let them brak"	1
What rubbish. Foolish people fall in trap very easily. Believe rumors. The plastic rice and vegetables are much more expensive then natural ones. Nobody is selling plastic rice. This is just rumor..	1
I'm soo happy to see people like u still exist ! All these young boys mean the world to some ! I hope they all return safe to thr houses !	0
How can farmers go into digitalization as there is no internet or phone connection in many rural areas..	1
who pays u to analyze noise on daily basis ?	0
Great movie. It represents our Hindu culture and provide aspirations for bravery.	0
"Yes that's all Pakistan can do. it only knows how to kill it's own Poor people like in the forward provinces or in Balochistan or poor fisherman or trapped soldiers or people like Sarabjit. Reminds me of eunuchs. That's why you were beaten by the Bangladeshis. Don't worry you will be given a befitting reply..BTW One of your ISI colonel is still missing from Nepal border."	1
Seriously....this is a big deal in today's date and time!	0
Electric cars uses battery can exide & amaron be good bets for 3-5yrs?	0
how many people get killed by cpm party supporters in keral in one month?	1
Will rate cut b a positive news for bank nifty ?	0
It is our dignity to give a chance to involve Pakistan in the development process but as usual a terrorists country doesn't believe in development	1
If you against Modi then tell me who can handle India?	0
Well that's a parachute skirt for u.. she mopped the whole place😂🤣🤣	0
But that jihadi mamata has worked more than what bjp did in there states......but bjp just had sarda narda hindu muslim to defame mamata	0
"Kuldeep not all ...now we are realising the bad effects of islamization ,communism and mamta bhakti"	1
A vision that is set to change India and  the world.	0
"Yes u idiot. Kash teri films v itni hi logical hoti."	1
Perpetual liars. Kasab was not a Pakistani. So many of them.	1
Do the same to that person. Hang him under the sun..	1
Not a thing to be amazed considering that 86% of the indian currency was in 500/1000 notes.	0
U Don't have to think what we are.you just drink cow urine.nonsence	1
He has to do something to kill time and that's what he does.	1
From last 2 nd half years I m waiting for this bike	0
Oh that's great. That will show to world how much respect China begets from N. Korea.	0
"Everything is being don't to defame APP. Before every news channel name, Modi's name should be there..."	0
Crude oil down but petrol high wow wat a governance	1
Why they are wasting the milk respect is given by the heart not showing all this nonesense😫	1
"Nd to ur previous comment ...........brother prashant singh im muslim nd im not a terrorist"	0
Those who are against demonization may be illiterate or don't know how to make life simple using card.	1
This will pinch the AAM Aadmi pocket.....it is abs ruckus..	0
His country is a first worldcou try with better education .health..industry..gdp per capita..tourism...in every field	0
Your history is the history of cheating and lying and enchrosing into others  right.	1
Nation has seen how you were busy making profile of Kiran bedi and Gen VK singh	1
"Striking up conversation with each one, Amin Patel greeted residents and spoke to them in their native tongue."	0
He is the reason for this fellow to become powerful. Now what is the point in regretting?	0
"This practice is going on for decades, if not centuries. It is high time that such prayers from Mosque or temples are all allowed only in generally accepted waking hours- not when majority are sleeping."	1
It is all sophisticated and full of rhetoric talk for time pass.	0
"Any amount of colouring, the Lotus will remain colorless."	1
Vaah bc What a logic! 😑	1
Did they really think Opera style openings can be hit in India??	1
"only state they are in mojority is j&k and look what happened to hindus there . . . Islam is a religion of the devil masked as GOD . you can never expect good and nice things from muslim countries in the first place"	1
It shudnt..after all jingoism is worshiped here n u guys promote it.	1
You can also tune into YouTube to watch the event: https://youtu.be/JZA2FMFgRv8	0
RIP Amma u will always be cherished not as memories but as daring u showed in this man world.😥	0
"Everyday new rules and regulations are introduced by a Income tax department, the finance ministry, the revenue and other bureaucratic secretaries and RBI and all the rules and regulations are arbitrary, unlawful and intended to create harassment to the public at large. There is stiff competition amongst all these authorities in issuing the rules and regulations which can cause harassment to the public."	0
"While some are busy fighting over fictional tales, there are some who are fighting for real people with real rights! This man! 👏"	1
"Go hell in diplomacy,a more strong and secret action should be taken"	0
Government should enhance much more facility to prepare well for our sports persons ..like some other countries like USA China Japan Britain etc....target 2020 Tokyo...shouldn't be!!!	0
Well done for shoting dead the isis worker..but also shot to dead Dhruv Saxena BJP IT cells worker who was arrested red handed being Pakistan's ISI Agent.	1
Still not all states implementing it wish all states come together to implement this act .	0
It should b one same like demonitization... It is rather an informed measure to take the rectification step to avoid mistake	1
hallala is a punishment to husband because he gave unnecesary talaq.thst is hifu dont have nither men norcwomen so they dovsucide or put in fire.	1
This Govt should be thrown out immediately for playing with the lives of this great country ...	1
Anuj and Sonia can we view these presentations at Traders conference online or on CNBC TV ?	0
"If they are willing to put their Nuclear program under IAEA, then we have no problem."	0
Arun Jaitley Sir kindly have a proper implementation programme before making any plans. Seems the govt is in a hurry to do everything at one point of time.	1
"Stupid....look your party.!late;indira gandhi,sanjay gandhi...presents..Rahul and madam sonia,they all are one man show rulars and also become a particular families. so tharur you have no right to blamed...???"	1
Decision is good but implementation and its planning is faulty which is causing hardship to ordinary people!	0
Why Delhi police let him go back.he should be jailed& met the worsttreatment	1
NATIONALIST ARE KILLING PEOPLE FOR COW AND LIVING HAPPILY. IT IS HIGH TIME TO GIVE PROPER REPLY TO THOSE SANGHIS	1
u compare her contribution to the field of peace with nelson mandela n ull get the result	0
I will wear such clothes to go to showroom to buy this beast	0
"courageous or not , but how can a human be still annoyed with a dead."	1
Could you Ask Vishal on his Views on Automation and Artifical Intelligence on how to reskill people	0
"Does he ask same question to that Congress Debar man, Mallikaarjun know."	1
"#RCBvsRPS  Virat Kohli wins the toss and RCB will bowl first against RPS"	0
Next step should be the introduction of accountability and discipline for government servants in centre and more so in states.	1
"Even if you Play  dalit card now., You may not get  any attention. You are a stale food. It has no use. Should be thrown in a dustbin."	1
Show the bike .. We literates we will be able to understand ... Don't waste our time	1
"Do you have enough infrastructure and able people to stop hacking and other tech related crimes? Without preparation you have seen results of demonisation, are you prepared to go digital?"	0
"No because I neither share anything and everything without verifying/ understanding the fact (example farmer ready to drink urine owned Audi and 100 acre land)  Anyways being fair you should have first answered then questioned. But it's understood why you avoid certain questions"	1
Well way to go for patriarchalism... We dont need a reason for a war or battle... We just need to be oblivious... It will happen on its own	0
sharukh travels in a broad gauge ......steam engine reporter can stop whistling for every steam during the news	1
Because navratri is does not take place daily dear 🖕🏻	1
Modi ji please put RTI in political parties so that they can disclose the donations RECVD from were	1
Lic housing 2lot @536 and l&t 2 lots @ 1447..should I hold ??	0
"So what is Pak trying to establish? the soldiers fainted and broke their skulls and the hovering vultures and animals pecked off?It only shows the degree of hate for Indians and army, while we unabashedly admire their artists and entertain pak citizens in our soil and call ourselves broadminded, huh!"	1
Today cow vigilante attact muslim youth to death in Assam & to divert the news they are showing unbiased news..	0
No we stand by Israel. Arabs were allied with Hitler	1
"Indian democracy : laws made to save the corrupt politicians.  US democracy: laws made to save country from corrupt politicians"	1
How long more arsh we going to see these terrible heart rendering situations.	1
Why am i watching this ..cuz tht reporter is cute 😂😂	0
mine is just the opposite.like him as an actor but dislike him for being greedy and opportunistic.	1
"💝 Bot🐎 Powered📠 By👼 Ishaq🐗 Zada  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Monday : 1 - May - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  1 minute :D 52 Sec :v   🏪 Auto Comment By   Ishaq Zada  🏯 🔎 Auto-Run.tk 💡"	0
"Saudi Arabia should apply sharia on the employer if this is true. However, everyone knows that Saudi legal system is always partial towards their citizens in preference to expatriate laborers. If the same was done by an expatriate his head would be rolling in public place within a month"	1
Whatever it is c is beautiful n a graceful actress ... No matter from where c is ...	0
"I dont understand wats the problem with you guys hindus nd bjp walas....if u guys dont eat beef ok fine let us eat... .we r not forcing  u to eat or stop eating  meat ......."	0
Ppl cried by Trump name now see most of them have shut their mouths	1
Modi or yogi. He is terrorist attacked 3 talaq. Cow mother. He doing religion politics.	1
"I always thought he is gandhi,,, but this guy is sarvarkar."	1
The ban on bullock cart races was enforced in the state in 2014 after a Supreme Court order to this effect.	0
Some people have habit demoralise Indian army.It does not make any difference.Powers had not been delgated to indian army. Now Government has given the free hand to army. Now see the result.By the grace of god Indian army has never lost the war with Pakistan.It has always won war.	1
Accused of masscaring sikhs in Delhi is in Congress working group sits next to all the powerfull in Congress .	0
@ Kanaya & gong......beside dare to stand on this as well  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=709YisIVM2Q	1
Prayer should be inside mosque not with noise and disturb others on daily basis.	1
This is whatever is done is reply. So u must say in public !	1
"Since 2014 each and every decision of our PM only made me respect him more but this one I could not digest....  No ""Yogi"" pls, to make our nation better we need more educated and qualified strong administrator. I hate Pseudo-seculars and equally hate those who runs people fooling business based on any religion.  Hope I am wrong about the new UP chief Minister , at least this govt would prove me wrong."	1
"The communists have no voice to say anything about RSS,which always fights for country's unity.The communists always wants to show thier supremacy in dividing India and killing poor hindus..What action taken by Pinaraye against the persons connected with BJP's workers murders."	1
U se bhojpori natak how is ur government work and kind of information Delhi police work in ur government not in Delhi government see the difference between  if people feces problem ur quite now his own life have problems with your government	1
I think modi will keep r3 at the last minute	0
"You come to Tamil Nadu man, right now no such problem here, but we have many other problems"	1
Dear irfan do not use such kind of language on social media just mantain your dignity.	1
BJP. Can make India has developed country pls   vote BJP	0
"Hi Anuj, I am confused on ITC after listening to Mr. Tuslian :). Your view please .."	0
For further transparency menu prices must be inclusive of all taxes (MRP).	0
Deepak when black money was getting stashed in the Swiss bank what was Congress doing ? What has been done in past 15 years can't be undone immediately... Change has begun wait that black money will also come back...have some patience	1
tell him to shun his VIPism...only after that he ll be praiseworthy	1
"That's called Modi magic. ""Results of his hard work""  👏👏👏"	1
Modi knows to talk n thts wht he is doing n giving fake promises. He says that in long run there is good country can any1 say to me wht good he said is going happen bloody blind n dumb ppl I hv ever seen	1
"Ok, how much black money retrieved .....pill made BJP sick through out India, pill took 150 causality, pill doesn't treat Reddy who mad 500 cr. Wedding.."	1
All from all around the world	1
I just wonder why she is being given all these sound bytes ... must be to try and give publicity to her husband ... other than that why should she be considered a role model?	1
"What's so controversial about his statement ?? It's just a simple statement on the high disturbance that loudspeakers cause !   Loudspeakers should b banned for ALL communities !!!  Pseudos r creating a din without substance !"	1
"Actually right  communist is not Indian , our few  , this party is chinis sarvent"	1
Rather than giving like this why won't we give some fixed amount of money for every category of medal winners and invest the money on improving the other sports and facilities in India for our Athletes???? Our minister haven't giving any space for talent rather we see politics here as well. Unless we give up politics in sports we aren't assured of winning medals in 2020 Olympics as well :(	0
WHEN EVERY INDIAN HV TOILET ? AFTER 200 YEARS AS 65 CRORES INDIAN USING SKY ROOF AS A TOILET .	1
What common people are suffering??? Just accept the change ppls the change only leads the way to development	1
"Like Mujahideens who do surgical strike daily with kashmiri girls at night. Now tell me how many girlfriend , burhan Wani had . Is holy fighting jehad is only about making girlfriends and sex."	1
Well said sir it will becme and pekku modi baktha vill be lyk dog	1
She must be declared a national shame.	1
dont worryi bjp will reveng by raise the issue of tripple talaak and cow slaughtering	1
Hahaha...Bajaj is Good. But safety is an issue on these bikes.hope this comes with advance handling and ABS !	0
"And I pity you David. I've looked at your page, no friends, no family and no posts other then rants of hatred for toward those you don't like. You think that is how good is shown? You don't fight evil with hate. It's sad, I hope it changes for you because what's going to happen is that your hate is all your going to have and if you end up getting what you want your not going feel any joy, only the emptiness of losing your purpose"	1
I have 100 cairn and 100 vedanta so what is effect of merger on future of this shares	0
"On Kick off of Cyrus , Once can watch Buy Tata Global Beverages Nd Indian Hotels. Best time to enter interms on Valuations."	0
At last Mr.  X PM spoke..and came out of mute mode... . Well done Modiji	0
"General Zia-ul-Haq after seizing power from Zulfikar Ali Bhutto via coup hanged him after staging a fake show of judicial trial in 1977, which hasn’t changed much since then. They have a long history of abducting people, torturing them to extract desired  confession in front of camera, charging with false cases and finally killing them in Kangaroo court style"	1
They are the grate fredom of india we are angoy it thank u	0
Send warden to mental asylum and keep her there forever	1
"He looks like a Ken doll!my king so restless? -in central ,only one whose words are been  listen to group of Oprahs in business channels  ,  -creative comment not subjected to any tax --comes under 80 G tax exemption  of remix comment"	0
Y not let all elderly ppl to go directly ??	0
"Media please stop these jokes, will you talk about npa waived off bz tycoons????"	0
How dumb this woman is 😡 wot a fate of Indians these people r representing in parliament. Who  even don't show sympathy towards human life. 👎	1
2Lac bullets found as per media reports...!! Was he planning for some war or what...?😳	1
he is no.1 idiot in d list of many idiots...	1
I feel if any Indian gets into an altercation with a white in the US should clearly tell that he is a Indian and a hindu.. so as not to be mistaken for being an arab .. better be safe than sorry.	1
Now in 2017 may have the same results and effects.	1
"Hi Sundar Please deploy a team creating software to help India's Income tax department to identify people with loads undeclared black money based on their online spends and acknowledgements of spending to their emails.. compaeing those big ticket purchases against their income declarations. India's IT people( Income Tax officials as well as salaried  Information Technology professionals) will be thankful to Google and you for this!"	0
why didn't bjp contest the election projecting him as the cm candidate?	0
SBI Staff are not creating awareness on Digital banking..pl put any private representative to create awareness on Digital banking	1
"Best Joke by Urjit Patel :  ""Committed to easing citizens'   pain at the earliest."""	0
"How India will remain top growing economy, IT & Pharma is now most downgrade sector due to Global prtoectionis policy ?"	0
She belongs to a privileged class thats all I can say.. A lot of mothers who are working try to juggle both home and work and do it very efficiently. And still spend quality time with their kids. Also who said a puppy needs one hour.. Try having one :)	1
"Just read it carefully 6L orders in a second so 291*6L = 17.46 cr then u need to multiply 17.46*22,500sec=3,92,850.I  hope I cleared your doubt"	0
"Exactly...what is lol pal, AZ forgot completely...talking about AZ is waste of time"	0
Poor r starving n people r wasting thousand litres of milk on d posters of their favourite actors coz they treat them like God.... It's nt foolishness or stupidity. It's disgusting	1
I was in RSS from 1951 to 1957 and was regularly attending sakha. But one incident compalled me to leave this oganisation.	1
Killer of Indian prime ministers Indira n Rajiv Gandhi weren't muslims. . Reason behind world wars weren't muslims.. Muslims didn't  killed  thousands in kalinga war ..	1
Only commen and poor for this rule?????Daily changes in the rule.	0
High tech very stylish and powerful bike!! 👍👍👌👌#Bobber price is slightly on the higher side ie 9 lac + but it's worth buying !	0
Insurgencies have a cycle.from low to high.u cant defeat it wen people r  supporting it.	0
Mr kaleem you and your people will be the first wishing to get the lucky draw .. any good step u condemn but u are the first one to take advantage of the things	1
PLZ speak to rajdeep sardesai to offer public apology. Shame to journalism and paid media. Om	1
"Ur plan and way of proceed of such plan no can defeat in the world,,,,"	0
If modiji not get support from us then will be back to congress era. This is very crucial period of India	1
"He is an RSS puppet, speak only When RSS says"	1
Rajan is power full persio.But govt.no second term desion. swami is not good rajia sabha member.	1
"8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee"	0
"What the hell , that means now we have to pay extra money over our own money , this is ridiculous"	0
Hmmmm.. just bringing to your notice on the piled up and back to back news	0
"Now Banks r trying to focus on such illegal income, which is risk free. Customer now must make the cash counters of Banks crowdy. FM of India is busy in manipulating the records to prove demonization as success."	1
"Indian Express what's wrong with you ? Why are you going DailyO way. This poet asked everyone to come forward, irrespective of there party and for the nation. Don't use social media to Viral anything like your title."	1
"Indian False Flag Exposed   The bad Beef between the Regulars of Indian Army and conscripts of BSF/CPRF recently can To attention . The videos by various BSF and CPRF about the conditions of soldier and inhuman treatment by their Officers had angered the Indian Army high Command .  As seen previous RAW can and will do what ever it takes to create a pretext to war or at least for the desperately needed international support in Kashmir. Lives of a few Dalit soldier won't mean anything for them."	0
I guess NDTV so confused ... the difference between Billions and Millions... 🤔	1
I know u bleedy cow Adv Arnab Dutta . U will see in future who will rule in cricket India has down in t2o after pak pakistan is progressing .u will see in first round India will be out as Indian players scare with bouncy ground.	1
Seeing how we can use land held by AAI for airport development: Jayant Sinha	0
I condemned such acts..by Pakistanis..shame on u..beheading..martyrs..it is inhuman act..govt should take severe steps...against this..enough is enough...!!!	1
I think your pm should hail those attackers too as why not they hailed their leader burhan earliet	1
Please go to rural area and see the facts. Life is very slow in rural area. Come out of AC room and see reality	0
"So? Fact of the matter is Jews look down on anyone who is non-Jewish. Have you seen how they treat blacks in Israel?   They are a religion of racism, apartheid, and Zionist views. Every Jew I know has to let you know they are Jewish in away that they are looking down upon you. Even if you were to convert to Judaism they would not accept you. The Hasidic Jews are by far the worst."	1
I used to think this was funny until I saw the AIB video on how the movies are actually doing it.	0
"RSS, abvp, VHP and bajrang dal must be banned to keep India integrated. They are and will be remembered as most anti national in history.😡😡😡😡😡😡🖕"	1
"All intellectuals are gone iN pot holes after MCD elections IN DELHI...  IF if If BJP LOSESS then EVERYONE MORE happy to do POSTMORTEM . Now SILENTTTTTTTTT.,,🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣🐣"	1
shut up .........you cannot be  a dragon warrior  with out left right center-ndtv	1
Prakash Diwan Comments on Container Corporation of India (CONCUR) on a Navratna Company and Govt of India Undertaking Logistic Stock.	0
"Domestically in the US, maybe Trump is a good thing: Sorrell"	0
nursery kid should be in their respected  class ......beware you will be lost in the crowd dear	1
Why dont we indian remove people like you to keep Country Safe .	1
AK is the only politician who admits mistakes and correct these mistakes.	0
Its gud anna did not join political party. However thr is a need political party like AAP.... baki mujhe ye samjh nahi aya jab bhi election pass me hote hai tabhi. Media wale mic lekr anna k pass kese pahuch jate hai..	0
Hey Anuj I hope you're happy with the United win over Spurs yesterday? Also Sonia Arsenal are winning too! :)	0
Is this total amount is from all individual black money in excess of 2.5 lakhs income per annum ???	0
It's has become a business for doctors to give certain companies medicine.. even they can give generic medicines	0
Denying Rajendra Prasadential Form of Government was a Nehruvian Blunder	1
Hi anuj why OBC is trading at 0.3x of it's book value while some of banks trading 10x of book value?	0
Ppl are not ready to be fooled ny AAP so quickly second time.	1
How cruel is this why cant u post good things	1
Such and tired of hearing his news	0
Get lost man only he can do tat	1
"Hypocrisy at its best She has never blamed Mahesh Bhatt  of nepotism for casting emraan in all the movies made under his banner He  on the other hand runs a pathetic show which shows gossiping rich people without any Connect with the issues of the society  So pls don't feel bad U never know this might be a publicity stunt for one of their upcoming films"	1
"72 million are on prime ?? ha ha ha ....What a joke !! How many 4g VOLTE phones exist in India ?? Feku's disciple Reliance heading for the dustbin."	1
Pakistan is producing goods called Terrorist which is NOT needed in China	0
"Rubbish, this is like scavenger waiting for death of a cow."	1
mfuk who has done dis.. i know indian express and their background how cheap and poor they are..bika hua media..paid and intolerant print media	1
"Trump has done everything he said he wouldn't do. Be enemies with Russia. Bomb Syria. Hound legitimate immigrants. Monger for war in east Asia. Put up with China's trade imbalance and bullying. He is shit."	1
I did not say wht others should speak I gave my view and i set my question who ever can answer they answer who ever cannot tht is their wish there is no hard m fast rule because whn he was thePM no one opened their mouth now tht he is not everyone questions his silence	1
weapons are not for display this are meant for fighting -defence minister sir	0
"A moment of silence for all those who think they can ban beef here... Have you heard of porotta and beef?? It's sort of a staple delicacy here. And for those who see their mother when they look at a cow , which of the 4 stomachs did u guys come from??"	1
"Get Turkey out from European union and white people aren't Muslims, they can be Christians, Jews and Hindus."	0
That's a good one...no postmortem....otherwise...people will not come into mainstream 🙏🙏	1
And the #akhlaq killer was draped in #tricolor	1
Rationalists who believe it is divinely ordained to slit a bull's throat with a knife painfully ad watch him suffer for .minutes in agony when there are much quicker alternatives	1
"Amitab is a flop actor too Just old movies were hit Now he's an flop actor and I'll consider him flop (butthurt don't reply I don't lick like u... Appreciate the talent not the legacy)"	1
This page is paid by islamist extremists and left wing politicians.	1
Anna you were and are in BJP.  so you can't join opposite party. So be their in BJP. Keep working.	1
What took them so long? Probably the bill now has provisions that indirectly/inginiously protect  them....	1
"Fake news, no need to react 👎"	1
"Hipocrisy at its best by AK and his supporters too , Anna hazre now become budha and chutiya shame on you , friends now corruption by AK has becone fight of justice   wah"	1
KKR lose by there own mistakes	0
How about Massive Defeat for Cong -NCP alliance  ??	1
"my Bharat  buzy in dealing with  tirple talak,cow ,Muslim"	0
Don't give  any opportunity to pak soldiers otherwise we will lost diamonds of our country again and again	0
Later thousands will participate in the funeral gathering.. :-(	1
That means he is not the right leader and he fails to control his subordinates	1
"IS EICHER MOTORS STILL A LONG TERM BUY,GIVEN THE EXPENSIVE VALUATIONS?"	0
Y to go bank right now if you have white money... stay calm and support govt. We have open window of 50 days. Exchange it in 50 day and do not rush to ATM machines immediately....	1
It went against my will. Nathan coulter Nile. I will smash your head.	1
Certainly iits and iitians are overrated	1
^^kamlesh where is my 15 lakh as promised by our PM that if black money is brought back?	1
"I don't think you can debate Yogi on Hinduism and/or Indian politics. How did you know that he is a goon, did you belong to his group or what, how do you prove that you are not a goon as well? Modi can never select a goon for CM for the largest state of India."	1
Good work. with government wrong step taken which has stopped the mega buying power has been lost n millions of jobs have been lost.  Daily the entire country is loosing crores of rupees day to day basis .	0
"It is remain to be seen how INC (UP-UTTARAKHAND-MANIPUR) will  attract FIRST TIME highly tech savy voters towards the INC as spikes in the recent UP poll pc points to the massive participation of this section in the poll. Moreover, MANN KI BATE directly points to this section relentlesly✔"	0
#ExpressOpinion Is there any wrongdoing in reminding an accused that he owes some love to his country?	1
Now he will go for support of communists and their propaganda to destroy democracy	1
Some parties would come to know what can happen when there is will there is way	0
Bcz v r frm d nation of gandhiji. V dun afraid of firing or fighting etc but v believe in peace. U wl not gonna undstnd d value of it.	1
Work for law and order and nothing else and remove all illitrate politicians from the system	1
He was boy friend of your mother	1
Beautiful fusion of Indian classical dance with western music	0
What anout  people health and those too many protest against liquor	0
"And your manifesto says you will abolish income tax . So what's the point"	1
Views  on rane brakes  ..it is down  after very  good  results	0
"First Time, in history, GDP of a Country been Photoshoped.   7.01% is not at all realistic. You manipulated data,  Give every Harwad, economist a free hand to check the truth.  It must be 5.01% GDP if actually studied.  Hard work of BJP to manipulate economic data is awesome."	1
"Bengal - population of Muslims is 27%  Population of muslim criminals is 47%  Hindu women are raped intentionally... musalman gene is demonic and they believe in humiliating Hindus with such crimes...  Musalmans should be separated from Hindus!  http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/kolkata/bengal-ranks-third-in-crimes-against-women/article6173154.ece"	1
Yes they pelting stone at dog because u bites their children	1
"These Bengalis always have soft corner for muslims, see around start from Barkha"	1
"Two high profile fake stories 1- Pak enter India, killed Indian soldier and mutilate the bodies and came back unhurt while rest of Indian army was sleeping. 2- Ajmal kasaab manage to sail from Karachi to Mumbai in a boat while India strong navy was asleep and brutally killed people."	1
yes same evm gave khujli 67/70 :( this needs to be investigated	1
those channels were asked to give their explanation regarding that fake news by  delhi govt	0
"Khyati Mehra many cases are there ,where women feel nausea due to their male colleagues . Kindly check, first"	1
"Still wrong choice..... you read bheema stands more than seven and half feet above the ground. It's not about six pack. Aging actor can't be made bheema...... I know you are a hard core mohanlal fan. But sometimes you need to check the fact  Mahabharata doesn't mentioned of pot bellied Bheema either....😂😂😂😂"	1
"As Tusshar Kapoor will be busy shooting for #GolmaalAgain, his son will have gala time celebrating his grandfather #Jeetendra's birthday."	0
'80-90% of people in India are working in the informal sector'	0
"Rahim Rahim Hehe but i can't have my sleep??? 😂😂 #azan"	1
Nitin tiwari learn to respect the person............n he (Montek singh Ahluwalia) has a great mind indeed...	1
The best pm the best leader for india...he needs our support. He will deliver. God bless india!	0
launch curry ninda missile to make indian bravehearts safe instantly for few hours until next bravehearts become vulnerable before launch of next curry ninda missile!	1
"Do you know what the Lokpal was supposed to do ? It was basically planned to be a machinery to stop curruption effectively. Well, when did you last hear about curruption from the govt ?  Bhai, agar koi sach much accha kaam kar raha hai to accept karna hi chahiye na ?"	1
"Good to see you both back, Anuj and Sonia, best to hear, in this fb session :)"	0
Anna Hazare have to join BJP....and become president....	1
"💢 Bot User 💢 Haris Rajput 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB.GA «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
"Proof is in the pudding!!!! He can talk all he wants, but will see what he does. As I said Proof is in the pudding. Time will tell."	1
Either Cow or muslim can make news and should be punished otherwise its useless news.... leave this noble man	1
Prabhu 's Inefficiency is the reality.  Cant hide it.	1
With awesome roads the car will hide .	1
"Malice Vineet U r neither a SICULAR , nor a student of JNU...Your  argument is invalid ... !!!!"	1
India will do surgical strike in media .And ppl will chant modi modi than bjp will elections in West Bengal	1
seems to be a women crying for the RIP 400CC??	1
At the same time not against polticaly corrupt and black money holders.fake people fake slogans.	1
"Terrorist deserve this, his father proved"	1
"Hi Prashant, i have been a big fan of yours since old 2008 days. can i get one opportunity to meet you for a minute ? #NDTV neva gave me an opportunity to meet you. Hope CNBC-TV18 fulfills my dream. it would be happiest day of my life. thanks in advance"	0
"Some Pakistanis claim it is fake, some Pakistanis claim it is surgical strike.  But I claim... Pakistanis first be sure what is your father's name."	1
Why did the Parliament Street branch of the bank close the gate to public including senior citizens  after 12 PM today .People waited patiently outside the bank for 4 hrs only to be told to come tomorrow.	0
Nifty 8300 Jan put option stay till expiry or squre of before it.	0
More steam for psu banks ?? How much can it move further ..?	0
follow the religion inside your home not in the public place.	1
"Now this is the serious issue NDTV ,   ....not that kajol has eaten the beef or not...that shouldn't be even a news...because you r trying to invade someone's privacy and right of choice or freedom..."	1
"And seriously terror has no religion. They are only misguided youth. BC who misguided them. If the terror has no religion, than Rapist has also no any intention of rape. His Harmon's misguided him. CRAP!!! I am not saying every Islam follower is terrorist. But why only zihadi doing this."	1
His point is relevant and should be appreciated.. there is actually no point in broadcasting religiousness by loudspeaker..either its in Islam ..Hindu or any .. we all have our free mind set to follow or unfollow religion..It shouldn't be pressurised on anyone .. everyone is not interested in listening to Azaan or Aarti or Jagrata ... it should be kept in the ears of the ppl who are there at a place to listen it ..Loudspeakers use should be prohibited for religious songs.	1
"He ate all the fodder that Bihar had and now we see him shitting and regurgitating all around, even with his mouth. Perfect case of dynamic metabolism."	1
"Check out this version... lit af https://youtu.be/mlO3csHDzds"	0
Its high time ..u should use ur 56 inch chest..how many soldiers will be killed in ur political games..war is the only option ..	0
Up elections  was expected  any how for bjp	0
That is too much... Looks like 15 lakhs to everyone ...lol	1
"Manoj sir,, you changed the topic. First you talked about #Roti & #Rojgar then you moved away.. You should be in your line coz what u said #BoltaHai,, NDA government nothing did about saying.. They didn't created enough employment and they couldn't stop increase rates of #Roti & #Dal.."	1
He sud replace #Brabie Doll  by Himself !!! :p	1
Such a movie mad nation.  Following this page to her news updates but for the last 2 days it was bahubaali this bahubaali that.. Craazzaayy	1
Sir please now work towards reservation.It is a big demon in our country	1
why don't you speak in parliament...why do you bubk parliament..??	1
Obviously your pussification is complete!  Keep dreaming of a liberal utopia where everything you need will be provided by government.  It'll never happen but you can keep dreaming.	1
"Most of Private Banks ATM's Like HDFC, ICICI etc are out of cash. Only Public sector bank's ATM working"	0
Pls don't poke your nose in Kerala issues we know how to solve and rectify the issues. The problem with sanghis in Kerala is that not like other states here if they kill any one the Cpm tallies it. So the sanghis are crying bcs of it.	1
Time has come to teach them a lesson boycott everything related to them	0
Pakistan military court is a banana court where they have given a judgement without any evidence. Government should use its influence and try to bring him back here safe. Jadhav should be saved at all costs.	1
This only for kids like you. Plz go and watch with lollypop in ur mouth.	1
"Police is their tool to silence us. Police is not for US, police is for them. I dont understand which is more dangerous, this man who is openly threatening or people who are writing sick comments on TOI page for this story."	1
NCLT may make such order as it thinks fir if it is of the opinion that the companies affairs are being conducted in a manner oppressive to any member and in a manner prejudicial to the int of the co under oppression and mismanagement respectively. Let's wait and c if NCLT cud be able to bring out wat exactly happened in Bombay house	0
"What  LESSONS can WE LEARN from this? F.E. keep your assets to yourself (family, trustees in the country,  country), better evaluation of boardmembers even when family..."	1
Simply superb..the corrupt politicians are crying.. Please nail every politician.	0
"AAP ALSO RYT THAT THEY DIDN'T INCLUDE U AS U R AN AGENT OF BJP... WHY ARE U SILENT ON LOKPAL NOW MR.HAZARE?? WHY U WERE SILENT WHEN BJP TOOK ACB FROM DELHI AAP GOVERNMENT? ??"	1
"News is fine, but whatever has happened to your proof-reading competency, Indian Express? The grammar and English are simply horrible!"	1
So humble you are Mukesh Ambani.. your  pieces about Entrepreneurs  should inspire a generation.. 🙏👍👌	0
Vinay Khan  thank you my brother. And Try and walk away from that conversation or ignore. It would be nice if people respected you for being a good and compassionate person not what your religion is or is not.	1
"M nt disrespecting Balasaheb... But lions dont hire donkeys ....in gujrat lyk hardik patel for Gujrat electn !! 😑😑"	1
"IMF vs India, where is Indan pata  : ?  Big dialog, 'No need foreign loan.'"	1
He slaped indian journalist when he tried to RELATE KASHMIR ISSUE WITH KURDS ISSUE.......I GUESS INDIAN SHOULD REMEMBER THAT TURKEY ALWAYS SUPPORTS PAK ON KASHMIR ISSUE......AND ALSO SEE THE INTERVIEW ..LOL!😂........AND YOUR MEDIA WAS COMPairing him with...CHAI WALA!😂	1
"Zulfikar Hutmara first check that how many muslim voted for muslim league in 46&45 elections"	1
This is what mom shaming means. A mother is not just meant to stay home. We are meant to show our kids we too can contribute to society and economy and can hold our own in the Board Room.	1
Because there are too many mad dogs from congress who will not listen when he speaks.	1
"Agreed - Modi and Erdogan, divided by religion, united by fascism! Erdogan has been there for more than 10 years, just in case you find Modi better :)"	1
the political parties give the only assurance to the people because we people are innocent but we are work honestly when we understand	1
potbelly does not go well with uniform.	1
Sir plz help but common people now they are really in problem..dont let their hope die	1
Don't loose to these gundas who rules us!	1
"Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 I already bought MMTC. Gold will rally to $1500 on back of Trump election"	0
5 times. Its an alarm to crores of people. And it will last only 2 minutes and no harm. Its not  hurt like Sonu Nigam's and many new generation singers songs with horrible and terrible music in public places.	1
"Their performance would be reviewed after the stipulated six months and if sales continue to be sluggish, a fresh set of guidance with a new detailed action plan would be provided for a turnaround in next three months."	0
"Hahaha what waste of money, Govt should invest in Army , Air force"	0
..trying to get public 📢 attention for FREE publicity. ..	0
Hahahhahaha Look these fool what u hav done u hav sperated a Country A Muslim Country on the map of world we hav no issues with it becuse their Our muslim brothers are living happily.....	0
"Lol most hardworking . His hardworks comes only when he decide which movie to see and  what review he should give . . ."	0
"Wake up India.   That's not immoral.   That's proactive information to you all.    It's important to be responsible.  Instead of throwing babies like unwanted objects.   Better to use protection.    Way to go Sunny. ??"	1
27 % islamics are terrorists....they all should be killed...specially in pakistan .talibaan ..afghanistan..iraq.syria..saudi..and in india also	1
What is your view on Karur vysya bank as i see some movemnet in the last few sessions	0
Nusrat Nazir Homework for you. Find out how many of these thousands of rescued Indians were Muslims and how many of them were Hindus.. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Raahat	1
"Where did he attack kejriwal ??  Where Indian express kitne saare mai bik gaye??"	1
Courageous act.time has come to isolate terrorists like this.	1
Any one who is more foolish than AK would be his voters 😂	1
How many government lED light  manufacturer companies can u able to tell...	0
First of all finish these so called intellectual who are supporting anti-national	0
Rcb today win the  match	0
"Eating buffalo meat.though it is legal but u can't buy chicken,goat meat.Shame on u Kajol.i was not knowing tht u are so much cheap"	0
"I am not too religious, But I support Yogi AN , People like you never helped 19th Jan 1990. You are too Ignorant."	0
Dumb vivek i was being sarcastic because modiji had compared a state with 100% literacy to somalia.	1
RC Bhargav a legend..daughter and wife look the same age	0
"Replacing Cyrus is their prerogative, however keeping the public in the dark regarding the reasoning behind this ouster is highly irresponsible."	0
It's their culture. nobody can't change it.They were notorious in the name barbarians. What they had done to king Prithviraj Chauhan? Nothing new in this	1
"Mayur Jain  we Indians are very innocent we do forget past very quickly, yes in current scenario I can only trust S.C but most Gujarat people knows that our great PM and Amit shah played big roll in gujarat riots. Even Supreme Court also mentioned in ther report. But as usual nothing happnd."	0
"I cant respect peopl not respecting others:-)""-) bt respect u as my senior.. doc.. teacher.. as always..  ofcourse nt as moral or political analyst or patriot"	1
Whom u r addressing to....?? Be specific	1
Looking for 5min of fame.  Why would he not use his platform to spread positive energy.  Sad character!	1
I also do condemn this but i cant do anything . But u can do something about this .	0
Seller Cafe's seems very innovative and flexible in the back-end. Shared ecosystem. Gr8!	0
"Indian Express :""And they didn't let Pakistan hang Kulbhushan""...:p"	1
this is the position of law and order in kalkatta	0
I have talked of cyber crime not of theft by physical crime. Ashish do not negate an idea by foolish example.	1
I think its time to move on bro.. TATA was doing well under Mr. Ratan Tata.. what you are doing now is destruction of the TATA brand which is completely contradictory to your statement of trying to save the company...	0
"Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼 I already bought MMTC. Gold will rally to $1500 on back of Trump election"	0
BUY DEEPAKNTR AROUND 141 STOPLOSS AT 135 TARGET WILL BE 149-155	0
You cant lie thats why he only says about opps scams but not about the results of his govt😂	1
How general public come to know that which brand is good n which  1 is not.  Dose modi ji us going to give any kind of special class to common people.	1
Bro  dont give ex of isreal....  Isreal has usa.......   Isreal sell weapon to us.........     Just learn little about middle east politics  .... Before giving example............	0
US govt. are not accountable to people of India ... Are they ? .... Rather ask what is the Indian govt going to do to stop hate crimes to Indian on US soil ?	1
1st arrest then gather proof in 12 years.ruins youths life government policy for muslims.	1
Aren't you a fan of her too?	0
"Finally he spoke but not what he wanted to, but instead what Congress wanted to."	1
"I doubt they are here to announce that they won't launch the Bajaj Dominar, with such depressing event."	1
Mi Mix EVO with Snapdragon 835 processor sounds good!	0
Why isnt Anna asking BJP to implement Lok pal bill ? Why isnt he doing any fast to force Bjp to get back black money from swiss banks ? Anna did all the drama to remove congress but not to change the system.	1
Demonetization did great service during election!!! Look at UP results!! Mafios especially that Dalit mafia queen could not unload black money during election!! See the outcome!!	1
Hats off to the poor souls sitting in the audience	1
and we give this banana in the gand of endian randians	1
1) Find a problem and then find a solution and if the solution helps the society..great.	0
Shirish Kunder enters a password(Shirish Kunder) computer be like special characters needed re-enters( shirsh who was slapped by Shahrukh Khan) Computer-Accepted.	0
"stuff the baby inside the burger ,make a stuffed cheesy burger baby  ---Nashville hot chicken presents"	0
The facts were not properly represented to the Supreme Court: Pawan Goenka	0
The root of this Naxal problem is these misguided forces are funded by some well known politicians to embarass and weaken the ruling party and existing government!	1
"Wt is the issue in it ??? Same thing happens everyday N most importantly he won the election without the support of any political party"	1
"continental cook , norh indian cook , south indian cook , main chef  wanted for cnbc tv 18 kitchen ..for better recipes of news"	0
Modi is not the designer of policies	1
for 60 years you didn't say this.. how come new vision. You just focus on muslims.. we will take care of counrty	1
No way... it is going to open gap up for sure	0
So much sympathy towards thieves...find no difference between sympathisers and thieves...bcoz sympathisers are by nature communal and want others to be secular with then...	0
"50000 merceds benz sold , audi -50000 sold /year  ------> what do you mean , what is v.a.t -value added tax ---every indian pay the tax , sevice tax , excise, octroi .....is also taxaxble revenue for the govt payed cncb tv 18 ...."	0
"Incredible india !!! All poor humans of the country should wear the skin Nd horns of cattle to get safety, food and shelter in the incredible india!!!"	1
because India has got more aircraft carrier than selfish china they were very shrood prduce big bog talk.	0
The report found that Islamic State revenue has declined from up to $1.9 billion in 2014 to at most $870 million in 2016.	0
I have been reading this comments ..& it is one sided ....some think fishy is hear.......all comments r against Anna Hajare......	0
Idiots are still playing caste politics.	1
When Opposition parties will play His positive role for the welfare of the people and for the betterment of the country ; please leave the selfish politics and united for Nation ; Nation is first	0
Love u Darling .its done now My Avi was with you😗😗	0
Wtf... Why is D difference.  Bloody.. no care for soldiers	1
"The country who has an illiterate pm like modi what the people can expect from him  People are dying in india without home and food but pm busy in making adhaar card for animal  It's really a shameful situation for 125 crore indian"	1
Nepotism exists... No wonder people vd no talent at all like #sonamkapoor continue to exist	1
what is manufacturing date of the news -batch no of the news -cnbc tv 18 factory for market news -news auditing	1
Two Drivers are suspended. It is very great of our proud officials' taken immediate steps.	0
Hi anuj should i cut pizza into 6 or 8 pcs?...hahahaha....jst a joke apart that was a good one	0
But much better with porota...	0
If u want in detail ask a paint shop owners	0
Where is Sushma Swaraj now?	1
An expensieve pay commission than this   was implimented in 2008  also.. Lol  Rahul Ganguly..	1
Devavrat Rana I haven't been disrespectful in the slightest.:)	0
You are trying to make it more spicy against IPS officer.	1
"Please don't best money for Olympic medals .Please half indian soldiers and her family .One soldier deth for 10 lakes ,but Olympic medals for 5th 10 cr. Please change mind. I am sorry for hot any portion."	0
pakis what is else will they say	1
Idiotic news. Nobody literally cares about the British royal family. These people enslaved India for 300 years and randi TV is busy orgasming over their baby pix! Shame on randi tv's colonial hangover	1
RBI took nice initiatives to cleanup the bad loans.. this should impact on our entire national economy.. and drop-down in inflation to that extent..	0
"This is really a subject of stupidity , aam Aadmi is the sufferrer , y was 1000 ,100,500, not been launched first n y was it tht 2000 a first launch.,.simple all the black huge some would be saved safeguarded...chai wala thinks he is really brilliant n he is the God for the nation...no one has did nothing in this previous decades. Y Is attacking only Karnataka govt y not other states......."	1
In any case the success of an artist in bollywood totally  depends on knowledge of their art and sheer talent..nepotism can do only a small favour... thats it!...its only the hard work and dedication which shows someone's presence..... and why the hell kangana has problem with each and everything these days! Karan is right.....if she has problem then she can have many other choices!!!	1
Get a sound proof hime if you can afford. Would be hard to live with a mediocre voice in this era	1
Must watch funny 😜bhangra 😂😂 https://youtu.be/fNbh3JePImA	1
seriously  people are fustreted from sp and they want a strong leader... with stable leadership which modi prove himself  in last 3 year...	1
"Lol.. chillax dudes.. we are mallus more than bigoted religious fanatics like u guys.. we eat pork, cow, buffalos, camels and even fish with pride!! Now you can find some non mallus to spread ur ignorance and stupidity!! Savvy? And stay out of our royal state!"	1
"If you dont understand a word called sarcasm, i cant help it."	1
Demonetization was a good step by BJP.. but not planned well	1
Oh my boy its so funny	0
Why Indian Express have to try to defend his statement?	1
Don't say sir to this bloody sonu ...instead go and slap him	1
"Corrupt and lazy people will never like Modi. He is god's gift to India. Wish him success in weeding out lethargy,corrupt practices."	1
"Dr Mitra's arguments are reasonable and credible. Anyone disagreeing with him, please argue against his arguments and not his politics."	0
What do you know about Yogi Adityanathji? People have pre conceived notions about Modiji and yogiji without even verifying the facts They base their opinions on the biased media.They should have an open mind and read about what yogiji has done in his constituency and how so many muslims support him.what a sorry state of our so called intellectuals although I refuse to call them intellectuals.They are a misguided lot	1
Lol 😂😂😂😂😂 Most of the IITians fly to USA? lol.	1
"CGST, IGST, Compensation & UTGST laws will need parliamentary approval: FM"	0
Do you think that the fiscal strength of the economy will be hugely enhanced if obstacles to Goods and Service Tax (GST) are resolved ?	0
Really hat's off for your thinking and you language it's shows your culture and surrounding.	0
Guys any good stock which will be benefitted from digitisation.	0
"Airtel is looting its customers,its true.Quality of service has also gone down."	0
How do we call it massive.SS is just three seats ahead of BJP	1
Ya that's the point .. no point in wasting time arguing with headstrong and egoistic ladies like you mam.god bless your husband	1
Hi Anuj & Sonia....wats the issue with Dmart not taking part in the rally. do u think it will remain sideways in near future ?	0
You guys are becoming another Times of India with such headlines. The content was entirely different.	1
What will happen to breweries stock like UBL because of Supreme Court ban???	1
This kind of webcast quality is not expected from #CNBCTV18 and #BajajAuto both. :-( One of the worst webcast.	1
"🍄 The announcement comes after an expert committee recently pointed out the damage to the Yamuna floodplains.  🍄 Osam-post ❤ Indian Express ❤  🍄 Add Close •» Indian Express   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 Sahilbd.tk <3 :o"	0
Will negative comments affect Priyanka in any way??? ... I don't think so.. She did what she had to... Good going girl 👌👌👌	0
"When govt. increases prices of railways, people make lot of hue & cry but when Hotel / Restaurant operators unethically charges Service Charge its acceptable."	0
"One gets a feeling that he too wants a national award. Now since he has tweeted against minorities, it will be like additional qualification. Will not be surprised that he gets this award next year itself....."	1
The sounds of ghungroo will make you feel delighted!	0
U bloody morons u killed lacs of people in kashmir and u are weeping when ua 2 dogs	1
So stupid of them. Hahahaha	1
"In govt place not done, th en what? in the railway station  not new and old are so detoriate like to investment 1 kg cement  and also to asked to a hakur to investment to rectified urrnial  consider rail occupied."	1
Very misleading headline . I found the  Video as neutral	0
"Sukma naxal attack: Irked by entourage bursting crackers, family of CRPF jawan Sher Mohammed refuses to meet BJP MLA V Solanki"	0
Is this ruling binding on Pakistan?	1
Make in India has not been so focused the way digital India is been forced...	0
Anna know nothing. He is.illiterate old man now useless.	1
"I really feel sorry for Indian Express presstitutes Shirish Kinder, the guy slapped by SRK. Given a chance these bootlickers will make Owasi President & Dawood as Prime Minister of India."	1
"Wat is Indian army waiting for.... I think orders from upper level...lol"	0
""" state is the biggest criminal"" Anonymous"	1
Not good sonu nigam i don't think  s	1
"CNBC YOU MAKE MONEY EVEN IN SIN ---RAJDEEP ""SIN MONEY MAKER""  TO PAY MEDICAL CAPITION FEES FOR IS CHILDRENS AND GRAND CHILDRENS"	0
"Talk about eligibility of a candidate , rather than pulling religion into everything... Cmon"	0
"All have gone crazy about rexit.But please remember 3r wasn't going to be the rbi Guv. forever.One  DAY he had to go.The institution existed,exists and will continue to exist  Rajan or no Rajan."	1
"I am hacked,toms online-tomahawk-spider man"	0
This government is least concerned about corruption.	1
If BJP wins UP elections whether market will move above all time high 9119?	0
"youre the best pm go ahead ,dont stop we ''re with you tahaku sir modi nex"	1
No true Indian is ready to listen the consolation or polish language of our political leaders. Now the time is not that to shed the tears on Martyrs. Indian government should pursue the policy like Israel . Shoot at sight should be the solution who raise venomous hood against India and Indian army	1
Combination of debt & equity more preferable for long term...	0
For him secularism is bootlicking of mullahs.... Thank God India is in safe hands 😊😊😊😊	1
Shia is better Islam than Sunni..	1
Mr converted do u have proof that Hindus also consume beef	1
Will this fall continues in Sensex & Nifty? And it right time to buy Good Stocks?	0
Gaurav Patil domestic media worry about domestic issues.	0
He is the striker of india.. he has ability to change the face of nation from developing to developed... great job he is doing support him..be a proud Nationist	0
By allowing only private sector banks as partners you sold this country tax systems to foreign institutions	0
Navaratri and ganesh chaturthy dont gappen 5 times i a day dear.	1
Don't judge a person by his face but by his character...	0
Indians = ??. what the heck did that mean ?	1
Wow so refreshing and informative . It was fun. Both of you are Awesome 👌👌👍👍 keep fighting & keep anchoring .	1
In Bull market any rally is fair u should buy only fundamental scrips to survive	0
"And Also Kindly ref. our site http://www.perscitustech.com for Intraday , Shot term n Investment calls"	0
BJP uses AH against AAP but never endorses AH prescribed Lok Adalat. Clear case of selective propaganda against AAP	1
June Bank nifty is trading at a discount to Spot for about a week now... Why is this??	0
Certainly it is directed to all religions... Curb noise pollution	1
Hehehehehe.... . During the UPA govt....they were blocking parliament so that FDI of 51% should not pass in retail sector.....now 100%....see the Hippocrates....	1
"Hi Anuj, your view on Sun Pharma, heard some rumours that a local fund is buying big on this stock"	0
"Appreciate his thoughts and views""""depends on every citizen to understand and allow to implement"	1
"Can some regulation be enforced on the decibel levels of horns installed in autos, motorbikes, private vehicles and trucks / tempos plying in Mumbai? Its only the BEST buses that have horns that are not loud. Is it possible to ensure the rest of the vehicles are made to install horns no louder than those of BEST buses before 2019?"	0
"Nowadays the problem is that, not everyone sings azan, as it should be. So it sounds very irritating. Most of the Indian maulanas don't know how to sing a perfect azan. Otherwise it sounds very soothing. Like this: 👇  https://youtu.be/LGX6wX2GhcU"	1
Only our luytens take this guy seriously.	0
y dont govt form a special force to target existing naxalites group in diff areas n kill them .....	1
Have some tolerance and listen other people also. I have many many stories from the people of such organisations	1
"With such a mentality, is she even prepared for motherhood? Grow up women. Think before u open is posh mouth"	1
Internally the real hero of this movie is... S S RAjAMOULI SIR	0
Who is this Shirish ? Has no comman sense between comparisons he is giving !	0
Ram NATH ji Goenka must be feeling shame on his successors...	1
Accident me Wife  ki death hue Aman mani accident me Bach gaye to accused go gaye he has facing trail	1
IE I thought still you are some trust worthy news paper... But Seems you are also sold.. Better to unsubscribe	1
"No who said,  but better than AAP"	1
"I just don't understand why PM Modi himself doesn't take any step. I have seen just statements of all the politicians, before and after the elections, nothing has changed. PM Modi should either take control of Home Ministry or appoint new Home minister"	0
"Don't go for debate with this stupid people they will never accept Islamic activities by heart,debate wth this people is like debating  wth donkey"	1
i love pizzasss .. Jubilant food 862 waz consilidation later it broked and rallied	0
you people never work on talents ...work on some chuthiar factors	1
How u r a muslim.shamd on u pig being a  muslim u have such mind	1
Rangila rajasthannnn.......in our india ...i am proud of our indians	0
Too bad Modi let the NWO convince/force to implement demonetization or cashless society. 92 percent cash based society for 60 plus years. 5 percent use electronic means to pay their bills. GDP and the poor will be affected. Congrats India - but let's try to help the poor.	1
"GST digital control rights are eyed by US republicans. If India is independent then why should we pay money to US politicians even after David Headley were sent to attack India during 26/11. If there are no more roads needed today, then why should we increase taxation. GST is total corruption aimed at crippling the stagflation economy."	1
Will petrol / diesel prices come down this month end review by oil cos	0
I don't think only Rajnath Singh is responsible for this Mam.	1
Do you think there will be follow-up on the upside tomorrow ??	0
How much was petrol prices during Congress rule Mr. Fake maxwell?	1
8th Nov is the voting day then why thats day is getting so much attention.	0
Modi banded 500-1000 notes. So his next step should be to band congress party	1
Same as BJP will win in Bihar 2015 election!!!	1
He cut head  all of poor peole of our India	1
why dis defence minister not doing any thing for themm ??? why  tey r stting back put there hand cut	0
"Modi ji and his govt. Busy in winning elections only, forgot his works"	0
"Wrong 1 - Bengal riots. Wrong 2 - Gujarat riots. Both are wrong, two wrongs won't make it right. Idiots must stop judging one with another."	1
"Simply he is doing nothing only blaming previous govt and making excuses....  Won't tolerate any more....  They are being so patriotic but don't care for our brave soilders..  RIP Dear Soilders 😢😑"	1
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow	0
Gujarati leaders won't spk as army jawans killed and never single gujarati in army in last 70 years ? Will BJP keaders send his son to join army ?	1
Indians are habituated with is kind of astricities. Show some biscuits they fall in line.	1
It's  nice drama. It's  not new.  India  feel they always  right. That's  problem. True never  tell to own people.	0
"Sir ,With due respect i want to convey you that there are doubts in the trading community that by mere verbal assurances of not doing postmortems by concerned authorities will work! Pl see the example of corruption by black sheeps in banking sector in issuance of new notes!"	1
This is just westage of money. Might the poverty of India have been removed up to a extent with the money. What about Soldiers who are fighting for the country.	0
"Yes , dude . That price is like too good"	0
No cloth or for not connected with dog	0
"Anna hazare is a third grade Sanghi ...the anti corruption.. Lokpal ..was mare a drama. He is RSS man...and like other RSS MAN..he does nautanki.."	1
"Sonam ask right questions to get an answer , what u asking"	0
And media got all time in search of more lies🖕	1
Exactly..so in an indirect way she wants to say mothers who do spend only a few hours with their kids treat them as one! That's the direct interpretation that you get..very offensive words for every working mother out there	1
Extremely negative view on BUDGET day by Udyan. another negative view when rajan exits and again negatively on brexit. he is comparing brexit with lehmon crisis.still don't know the way he analyze situation please avoid every view is wrong since Budget.	0
What has he done for hospitals unemployment and reservations and middle class can anyone explain please?	1
"Well said, rest in the BJP are all small fishes."	1
"Callum Talbot, you are entitled to your opinion. Blessed that you are with a brain that's empiter than an hermits address book. Any Indian who condemns terrorisim should first stop terrorisim in Kashmir. It's like pot calling the kettle black. Jeez!"	1
It is the worst of times; it is the age of foolishness; it is the epoch of incredulity; it is the season of darkness; it is winter of despair; we have nothing before us and we are already in abyss.	1
And no attack on Bjp 😂	0
"This is a start of a political reengineering process. Those political parties who are opposing demonetization have already started reading the writings on the wall. They will not be able to play politics in the name of poor, the method hitherto  being followed, as poor is going to be a state of past. All political parties are not yet equipped to face that situation and hence the hue and cry. Good luck Mr. PM. Let's keep our fingers crossed."	1
The hidden agenda raises its head.Expected.	1
"time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji"	0
"BJP is the long term illness of India, ISI BJP network, BJP Sex scandle, BJP Black money boarders, BJP violence across India, BJP breaking leg of horse and killing, BJP making 634 Doctors, without any education, just for money. BJP calling How Indian soldiers wife get pregnant  when rhe husband Soldier is on Boarder duty? BJP, instead of Making development, preaching for Shamshaan or Grave yard.  Pain of India is BJP."	1
"For sure Indian reaction will only be for Indian voters to stop criticism, but Pakistan will go unpunished, that's why they provoke India. Although we have missiles in India, giving measles injection to Indian public than sending missiles out of our territory is most important, because, we are like a poor man having many children. We have to fear war escalation, because we have to do lots of homework."	0
Simple tactics to distract Visiting President of #Turkey ... poor politics... #Chattisingpora massacre of 34 Sikhs was a similar thing.... #Uri  attack ... all false propaganda to divert attention from #KashmirIssue	0
"Have 100 shares of Coal India @ IPO price 245 hold or sell.  What should be the target I should look for in future."	0
"All Indian Muslims are anti Indians just they are waiting to become how soon they will become majority people and grab India,and always their heart sympathy with Pakistan and out side they shows they love India,all farce."	1
I am not rich! I haven't made 122 crs. The day I earn that much..I will!	1
There is pain but no gain.  The exercise is not thought through fully.  It is creating havoc for the economy and hardship for common man.	0
"Black market for all things exist in India   , nothing new, it's not surprising that there is one now for cash conversion. It's was expected as consequence of the decision . Nothing to be so upset about"	1
Shame on indian express. I didnt find anything against AK in this video.	1
Cong please be silent. This problem created by you. You didn't solve. Now you are peaching others. Modiji knows what to do.	1
"Asrar Nazir....I spoke witg many Turks. Apart from, we have social media. He imposed Islamic law in secular Turkey. Backed ISIS by using Turkey as a transit for joinees worldwide. He is also working hard to oppress and disappear opposition....Modi didn't make any of these."	0
"1 thing is confirmed.that.  He has guts to speak straight .. Either u like it or nt"	0
May be bjp had financed anna from the very beginning for all his drama	1
saw a news about long term capital gain period increased to 3 Years from 1 year. what's your view?	0
"real picture of so called secular  india, muslims r not allowed to practice their religion,  jinnah was right about two nation theory"	1
he is lost his popularity very beginning now he want to recover it so that is the most possible way to become a popular in india to say something against muslim community.	1
I am a Hindu can I practice my religion freely in Saudi Arabia?	1
Did this RANDTV go to kairana where Hindus were forced to flee. Or they covered news of hanuman jayanti in Bengal where Hindus were beaten up? No. Coz they wanna defame just the government. They are fine with jehadis creating mayhem but if any violence happens anywhere they attribute it to cow related violence.	1
Response response fuc*ing respose we r listening n just listening we are waiting badly for this response from long long time from coward indians...	0
Rajshree Jena real face haha world know ENDIA face	1
"He is the man of Visionary.There is lot to do in ground level.I guess in another five to ten years"" if every thing goes fine"" India will have different image and clear government..salute the energy level and determination of our PM."	0
"Cow is more valuabe in india,women are more take care of herself,govt says who killed cow will hanged but for rape,murder and other crimes are going to face trial and you can get your normal liife in two days..... what kind of people are you making cow more valuable than man life..."	1
Kerala in no 1 state in almost all indices.Check and find for yourself	0
does modi has guts to take out the black money from adani and reliance grp	1
"Rightly said, all boot lickers are left in this grand old party... No one left to take on the bull by its horns.."	1
Smart guy but he has to come out clean from coal scam.....	0
Tit for tat in the same way....modi request u to plz do action asap...	0
"If there is no Pak Army involvement, then they should catch the perpetrators and hand them over to Indian army. Just shedding crocodile tears does not augur well."	1
Let us see how far this is implemented. So far NOT.	0
"Where he is barking , in lok Subha or on road ?"	1
Can we have regular stock market rates live online on FB	0
Indian coward army deserves it because this army of lady boy's army which kill innocent civilians in Kashmir so no sympathy no mercy because today's India is extremes wild dog of modis terrorist India.	1
"YES TRUE ..  WGY WE ARE NOT TAKING ANY STEPS TO IMPLEMENT SOME DISCIPLINE IN THE PARLIAMENT.  THERE ARE MANY LAWS TO DISCIPLINE CHILDREDN IN SCHOOLS, NATIONALS IN THE COUNTRY BUT THERE ARE NO RULES TO DISCPLINE OUR LEGISLATURES, MPs IN THE HOUSE.  WHY NOT THE SYSTEM OF DEDUCTION OF THEIR ALLOWANCES & SALARIES PROPORTIONATELY FOR DISRUPTING  THE FUNCTIONING OF THE HOUSE.  I FEEL IT IS THE NEED OF THE HOUR TO TAKE UP THE MATTER BY ALL MEDIA & YOUNG GENERATION FOR A FUTURISTIC NATION."	0
After seeing raees I din't find movie nor actress good :(	0
"Abdul Kablam....? sounds like some sort of Muslim terrorist to me. I don't care what he has to say."	0
Rather then pile up of accumulated losses shut down the business	0
Every script in Psu index if bought futures giving almost 50-60k return ..!!	0
She was our MP not good no developmenty	1
Anthony... The reason I spoke abt Mercedes is coz u made a statement abt ppl standing in queues... Also we r all kids to understand as its not only BJP but all others parties. We have been fooled for years by one leadership... Let's give a fair chance to others...	1
People wake up. Just look at the disruption in common people lives and no impact on wealthy people.	1
"Anuj, is the rally in the bank rally move over the past 3-4 days justified?"	0
"#ENTERTAINMENT | ""The suit starts doing a bunch of stuff. You know, it does a holographic interface, and things like that"" - Producer Eric Carroll  #SpiderManHomecoming"	0
"Right in just sitting and now supporting the ruling government? Oh wait MCD elections!!!"	1
If you choose pappu you are going to get laddu... throw him out it might save congress	1
It's the up bringing they are getting nothing to do with movies or any thing else  if you teach your son how respect women  I'm sure they will as it's said 'charity begins from home '😊	0
why u post this type imaage Bcz all worlds ppl see it.....shame	0
she may be suffering from dementia and forgotten the profits of export of beef ... the entire cabinate is enjoying on other side	1
I.E. and this idiot just read this https://www.facebook.com/godsameer/posts/10155953881588712	1
"If i dont get water for a day, leaving aside all my so called sanskar, i will steal somebody's water."	0
Jio has added an avergae of 7 customers/per sec in 170 days: Mukesh Ambani	0
He is on the list of 2017 most corrupted leader. Google it	0
So intolerant. When somebody talks sense you try to communalise it	1
Sonia's stooges were replaced by Modi you don't remember Fergus Misquitta	1
"From 7 decades your party run the coutnry by one man Rule formula even Sonia was not on any post still remote controlled PM and now you have guts to say something on one Man rule, bravo , congressi super cheap"	1
It is a grand step.	0
Not agree with Anna. Now why not any movement for lokpal.kya ye bhee modi bhakt ho gaye hai ?	1
Future consumer long term an Sir Aditya birla fashion retail	0
China is filling the vacuum that the Obama administration created: Sorrell	0
It's million not 'billion' dollars.  Don't u guys proof read your articles before posting?	1
"Live and let live isn't an option that zealots and fanatics see. To them, it's either ""my way or the highway"". And how exactly are you supposed to convince people who stick on to ideologies like a leech to flesh, to change their perspective?"	1
Today I get up at 03:00 am after hearing the song of Sonu Nigam. Banned him too. He disturbed me while I was deeply sleeping.	1
Firstly smooth seas don't make skillful sailors secondly you don't need to solve a problem just need to have a different perspective that's all...	0
Superb move......superb execution of the plan..... black money u better beware of India	1
No respect for him now	0
"Check after 2 month he announcement for retirement, because he is not play under any captainship 😉😊"	0
"Happy Diwali.!!let's wish the next one year health,wealth n growth to our Indian economy."	0
Modi met Rahul gandhi.... 7 parties pulled out of protest march to rastrabathi bavan... Great Modi ji	1
"👄 Bot😃 Powered💙 By📞 Prince📀 Fadii  🏨 Just Now Done  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  52 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
Hope some of the policies for non performing cos will be looked into by gold	0
"#ENTERTAINMENT | #CallMeByYourName is about young love, capturing with marvellous felicity that breathless flush of feeling which overcomes all thought. | Shubhra Gupta"	0
"Why we should not apply the policy like Israel, we should not hesitate to take the help from the hamas also.."	0
There so much MILITARY spending everywhere why INDIAN Military stocks not moving?	1
No not at all mentioning you mate. I never had any Muslims harass me for eating pork.	0
Neither black money was unearthed nor corruption was curbed. He talks about right of poor people and the same poor man is dying of hunger. Black money is parked thru Political funding and now they are exempt.	1
Now I am feeling sad for ur wife infact Noel Cyril Lazaro	1
"Vinod Gupta Can u read properly? The BJP targets muslim boys for no reason, false accusations! We don't need gundas to thrash innocent boys on false accusations."	1
Good to see when their in no terrror in pak and afgan and india as well so in can for development  step	0
Dike Chukwudi Henry two wrongs do not make a right but as always no one talks about this stuff in the west	1
"is it 400c or 004 cc, so submissive, i wonder why did they name it Bajaj Dominar??????"	0
U trolled her correct.... I  sure she is another kanhaiya kumar in making. She doesnt have problem with ANTI NATIONALS like umar khalid.	1
Bcoz he is a hindu	1
"Instead of being a successful woman professionally, be a successful mother, wife, daughter."	1
Religion didn't make him terrorist but Babri demolition communal riots did.  Before the Babri demolition there was no bomb blasts in India .Do sm research.	1
Who wants to compete with a design older than our grandads	1
So avoiding unwanted pregnancies and preventing HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases is going against the culture and ethos of India.  What a stupid and reactionary statement.  Being a prude is bad enough but a dangerous prude that's appalling.	1
"Chandra Dwivedi Yes it is. Courtesy propaganda, people love the same leaders who are responsible for their misery."	0
Умайр Ахмед What about the pedophile follower who marries 4 nine year old kids?	0
CNBC-TV18 you guys should highlight Jariwala Bldg that is pending since 35 years in mahim	0
Great leader of the nation.  Who is criticizing they will	1
Sad when people come up with more excuses for violence against women.	0
ahmed keep ur mouth shut n no one asking u . who r u to ask us about proof of dawood Ibrahim. we know he is in pakisten that is the proof we know.	1
I want to upgrade from my 180 CC to 400CC	0
Now your son in law won't be able to travel to Kuwait ? #Indianexpress.	0
"Anna Hazare  is a failure. He could neither introduce a Lok Pal Bill, as he wished, nor could produce a political party to counter Congress and BJP. He shouldn't have started any movement and to produce opportunist leaders like Kejriwal and Kiran Bedi who used him."	1
It is below dignity of comman man to comment on this news item.	0
"Not only Muslims, all religions should ban loud speakers."	1
Lets hope Pakistan does not do any foolish moves for next 2-3 days or else nifty could go for correction	0
"America , India, Russia countries are not bouther abt China so"	0
Nifty will touch  life time high than will retrace	0
"He talked against bhajan and kirtans from temple and Gurudwara too. But only if media reports whole story or people try to find out on their own, will u be able to take rational decisions. Btw what's with defeated soul? His soul is defeated, are u the judge in these matters? Taken precedence over God ?"	1
cows are scared to hindus and what is the probem for u if measures are taken 2 protect the cows.don't publish the articles belonging 2 only one particular community	0
"Last I heard, Pakistan was exporting Donkeys to China. * Donkey development program"	0
ITC Ltd will have huge loses.	1
"If I remember well, recently the prince was sentenced to jail. Partiality happens more in India when police protect hindu terrorists who have killed innocent Muslims."	1
No India is better off in BJPs hands but it is very sad that Kerala is in your hands since many murders are taking place in your land	1
"Anil, Modi will help to get some deals which you do not deserve to make the revenue regards"	1
Yes Best of luck my love virat	0
fair treatment to majority also works. please understand. jai maa bharathi	0
NBFCs with net worth over Rs 500 cr to be included in QIBs: SEBI	0
"Whatever is the version, the Left was, is & will remain irrelevant amongst the electorates of the country.  It's an undeniable fact."	1
INSIDER TRADING IN HAVELLS BY PROMOTERS  !!! CAN SEBI BOOK THEM  ???	0
He think without hard work its easy to get degree from harward u can expect any thing from this man	1
"Lolz 90000 soldiers surrendered in Dhaka. here is the video. U still need evidence. https://youtu.be/wWkMy-89JNs"	0
What has your Indian Govt done to stop fascism in India ?	1
Icici bank only rich people bank....not he was Middle people bank	1
Good car but can be have good road to drive this 😂😂😂😂😂😂	0
The most sanki pm ever.   Everyday changes his statement.	1
"You can beat aaj tak in the trp  Keep it up"	1
He should shift his home to Himalayas..... There would be no cacophony...Only euphony of birds chirping... Becoz he will not be allowed to spread such intolerance and hatred for other religious beliefs in a secular and diverse country like India.	1
"Hello , during your period we Indians witnessed how your team had looted this country's natural resources & poor people hard earned money. You lost that respect. One of the worst PM ever had. Sorry...don't miss lead this nation for sack of Gandhi family loyalist..... shamefulllll"	1
Who is she which film did she act....sunny Leone?	0
We want to get rid of u Indians......why don't u hear our loud cries	1
"Tim Worstall , FORBES on India's GDP data fudging.  ""India has reported GDP growth of 7% for the December quarter. That's just not a number I believe I'm afraid, not when we try to consider the effects of demonetisation."""	0
seeing all these i guess the dominar dont work in the mornings	1
Waqas Ahmad please die man asap..bcoz ppl lyk u from the worst failure country in the world still criticizing others hv no right to stay alive..	1
Cascading effect will be neutralize... good step for global economy	0
its time to wake up nd take a decision which create earthquack sense in the mind of pakistan	1
"Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?"	1
"Confused! Guys new video is up, do check it out, thank you. https://goo.gl/XuclJV"	0
"Matt Ellis I would not believe a thing israel says, as israel lies like its sugar Daddy america. It too claims to be a country that cares but when you look behind the curtain there is nothing but lies, Hatred toward others and Death"	1
such internationalist must be grinded.	1
Very sad state of affair ...when will we become humane ??	1
"DMC results , a referendum against Kejriwal.He is expected to honour people verdict and step down ."	1
"2 min silence for porkies who were crawling on Indian media pages.   Can't beat us in cricket Can't beat us in war Can't beat us in ICJ   And they wan't kashmir  😂😂😂"	1
Thank you and wishing the same to CNBC TV18 and viewers	0
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks  Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow	0
Pork is available in plenty of shops here. Nobody cares. Those who are concerned too much about pork can have it at cheap rates. No dietary Nazis are allowed here.	1
"We will tackle the inconvenience, no problem in that but l salute Mr. Modi and his ministers....for taking this bold step....we are with you, Jai Hind...."	0
#KRK is happy because this video broke his records of taking cuss words.	1
This is because of ignorance and illeterate.law is there bcz of triple talaq happening. It is hapening bcz of ignorance  and illeteracy.	1
If predictions are correct then we have to believe him what he is saying if it is false then leave it.	0
"I m sure,  Modi hasn't assessed this loss and Impact on economy."	1
Virat Kohli may be known for his aggressive on field behaviour but Michael Clarke admires him for the way he is off it.	0
What was BSF doing ? They are the first layer of seal.	0
Umnn...he should have used the term noise pollution n should not mentioned about particular religious practice.	1
"Yeah, there are people who destroyed masjid also.. all shud b punished,, wen god hav not permitted violence, who on earth are thos people for this kind of act.."	1
can Sonia think of anybody beyond Rahul to lead the party through election?	1
Why differentiate between silver and bronze ........both r doing well for country	0
What about the concerts u perform in? Isn't it distrbng for the people living in adjoining areas...stop acting foolish ...	1
"I'm sure other working women's children are puppies or maybe strays, that they feel compelled to leave them and go to work and earn money for their families. How sensitive of you, Mrs.Star-wife"	1
Is this a news ? If you have No news than shutdown the channel	1
They should focus on dairy farming. Country's milk adulteration rates are too high anyway.	1
Akhtar Miya go work on your English before you comment here?	1
"Megharaj u may have not read the actual news , that i understood from ur 1st comment."	1
It's agonising that fake news is being spread like a forest fire now a days	1
Respect our beloved PM Modi...  Haters buy burnol and apply...  He will remain our beloved PM for next term as well...	1
YOGI ADITYANATH is a good option a young n fearful LEADER better than Rajnath Singh	1
I am proud to be a indian and feel so blessings bcoz modi is our PM.	0
"A person for whom bhashan means everything,hard work is a myth for him..."	1
BANKNIFTY FUTURE TOOKS A TRIGGER POINT AT 21815 IF NOT BREAK THEN YOU CAN HOLD SELL POSITION FOR DOWNSIDE TARGET 21350-21100 minimum and Once break above said level then will be in Buy	0
Hi Anuj please share your view on UFO Movies is release of Bahubali is big trigger for company.	0
sorry whatever the features...wont go for chinese products in any case..	0
Seriously Dude you are lucky to be born in Kerela ..	0
Railways must ban him to travel in train as well....	1
Use latest Windows 10 creators update . MS is changing security day by day	0
Is it include Gandhiji also?	0
Can the super power nation take the unilateral decision 2 whipe out this unhuman country terriostan country (pak) which has no right 2 be in this civilaised world & encash Peace to this beautiful universal	1
That terrorist father had accepted the reality but Media houses still thinking he was just a suspect. CLap Clap !!!!!	1
"Ask chutyia Modi and those gandoo,s who were worshipping Trumph,s photos.even gandoo media like Zeenews times now were happy over his victory."	1
Demonetization devil is treading on unstoppable.more job cuts are in offing.	0
"I am indian now mr Not like u  U won't understand Communists nation  U even don't have a democratic nation  Atleast I am better than u Atleast I don't have mini eyes that I can't see the reality mr Shutup and speak in ur page U can't even oppose ur government And came here for speaking Poor guy"	1
"Also, a pet(the puppy) is as much part of the family as a child."	1
"I do use. Its about security issues microsft windows. I recently switched back to windows 8,from 10.u didnt get my point."	0
He just popped up without an invite as a surprise.. he even waited at the gorakhnath mandir for hours before entering the on going HYV meeting from where he was thrown out. He has no place to go and is trying his best to get into the BJP. So don't just judge everything by what's been posted in brief. He is never going to be allowed into the party looking at his stature and also his father being a samajwadi party loyalist.	0
"The problem with we Indians is we only do ""kaddi ninda"" but when it comes to action we shut... either we are too busy pleasing the western states or too afraid of china..  I just dont understand y we are spending billions on defence if we cant protect our men .. shame"	0
No Technical Buy. It does not show the real value of stock. Good stock at good value is not the Value buy rather Good stock with poor values is the great stock.	0
"He is coming To Bihar  too, that unsettles all"	1
"As government was running out of nationalistic issue, this happened"	0
Rohit Sharma felt there is no shame in reaching the final the hard way and lauded team effort after their six-wicket over KKR.	0
"BJP ko 82 Mila hai AUR shivsena ko 84,it is not massive,and more over BJP has won 8/10 municipal corporation then how is shivsena performing well.How is this newspaper posting such fake news"	1
Shld c to the performance ... to chck if it can compete with ROYAL ENFILED	1
"If you think  the Romeos are  only Muslim, then they should be checked. Otherwise it is for all. Why a negative approach. Why the girls are harrassed? On one hand, if one's sister is harrassed, the brother may take extream measures, but doesn't mind harrassing other's sisters."	1
This seems like there is nothing for war heroes of our country who give there lives for the countries who leave there family crying behind for motherland ..😪😪	0
Mr chuthiya what abt Malaysia Indonesia turkey Kosovo ????	1
Some reality check this Valentine's Day	0
This all issue created by India Because India don't want to solve the problem in Kashmir ....	0
They won't see the career of employees they just see their benefits	0
Who the heck is he?	1
"Sir please just don't copy paste without evaluating.   6 lakh order per second multiplied by 22,500 seconds = 13.5 billion orders. That is more the population of this entire planet. This is an absurd statistic."	0
"This is tooo much ..    Now its time fr axon,  instead of blaming each everybody should raiss to fight agai st those terror"	1
Next Tuesday ... new governor will he go for a cut in rates ?	0
"#ႩաҽՏօʍҽ_ႽႮԹҽɾɮ  ABP News уσυ  нανє α nicҽ Tuesday  ____________________   уσυ r ռɨċɛ ABP News"	0
"This post by Quora is a superb example of ""share bait"" on FB. Quora has a great SMM team indeed. Gud luck guys!👍"	1
"Thanks for the headlines indianexpress.. this shows how you prestitutes are behind aap cz they are the only one who could question you bigtime.. this shows how u work only for trp by labelling the video as anti aap. This shows who are your masters who are protecting you. Shame on you paid media prestitute indian express"	1
Failed cricketer? Ur insane.. how come he is failed in cricket?	1
is it the same situation as we had on brexit day?	0
"Marxism shows you the way out of human misery, though how you practice it depends on your own understanding. The rightist philosophies on the other hand hit a blind alley, just as religious preachers talk of very nice things while practising and endorsing the exact opposite. As regards,  Stalins and Pol Pots, their number in the rightist camp is hugely higher. But we are so used to them that we consider them natural, just as a believer in God accepts everything as will of God."	1
"rural india is not a promotional material for cnbc tv 18  come on do things with nobility ...come on spartan , prepare for the glory , do not kneel before xerxes , who may give you gold and silver ......lets live for glory of the great nation  ....land of sparta rejects the plea of persians"	1
Every single politician has been saying that for the past 69 years. So only time would tell if 2022 is gonna be any different.	1
"What about you, you sold this country to China and turn blind eye to Islamic fundamentals is this sicular you are talking about"	1
I salute you Mr. Abrar. This every you should think before taking up the Pistols and bombs.	1
Is this rule applicable for political parties as well? :)	0
When was the last time he spoke about his constituency?	0
"thanks Reema for answering on WOCKHARDT..can you comment on WELSPUN INDIA, GATI?"	0
"It's disgusting, m a Muslim but I have bunch of friends from Another relgn, to express our point of views it's not necessary to highlight something from any specific relgn , definitely it will hurt their followers,"	1
please check calculation of sindhu I think its - 11. 61 cr	0
"nothing can win you ,unless you are not defeated by your own mind ...come on boys lets rock"	0
Most Muslims oppose PM and support opposition but Hindus love  & and they will vote him to  power again !	1
It's not right. By such way one party could get authoritarian power.	0
"Yes. Heard same things about Kim Jong-un, Joseph Stallion even Adolf Hitler."	0
they are launching cute & hot models - I guess the bike is incidental	1
"India is under alot of pressure and nervousness, due to the dettoriating situatation in Kashmir, is blaming Pak Army"	0
Thank you Anuj and Happy Navratri to you and entire CNBC team	0
These are the Hindu insulters what is he talking about secularism? They want votes by appeasing some minority communities.	1
He said right if a goon rioter became CM .Davod can become head of mumbia police	1
Whoever making is noice is corrupt people because they can not do this in future.	1
ha ha tough competition for royal enfield but how RE is a cruiser motor bike and its sports bike	0
"TRS downfall is inevitable, if this bill is passed. They will be digging their own grave for this act of vote bank politics. JAI HIND"	1
Is it ruined? I am from West Bengal. I am having a perfecting fine peaceful life. Show me the ruins if there are any.	0
Lol..!! Crooks appear and disappear overnight!! This is called fly by robbery!!	1
whats this for !!?? ... seeeking attention !?? ... i dont see any fashion here :D	0
ur a dreamer we are the executor check past wars	0
He is no more Gandhian he is just a RSS agent who helped bjp to grab power	1
We have a leader who believes in doing .His words are not just empty words. His words carry weight. Proud of you Modi ji.	0
Her interference and telling against soldiers show that she is supporters of terrorist.  I don't like her	1
People voted only for Modi not for bjp or any other leader...	1
"Mr saravanan balakrishnan  Is it the way you tont a person with his religion?  Don't try to devide the country in religious  lines."	1
"Did Akshay Kumar really slapped  him in Jolly LLB 2  ? If he was indeed slapped, Annu Kapoor richly deserved it. Anyway , happy birthday."	1
On the other hand this will boost the cash flow of all banks and improve the balance sheet ...	0
Azam khan wants to search his brother inlaw because he wants to marry his sister after tritalak but here we get another situation his sister has left her husband and like new who punish modi.	1
"2 min silence for porkies who were crawling on Indian media pages.   Can't beat us in cricket Can't beat us in war Can't beat us in ICJ   And they wan't kashmir  😂😂😂"	1
I could give many exampls....i just cant understand wen ur books says so but u guys do this.....	1
We already know the difference..plz answer our queries..don't kill our time..	1
Are we going to fight Pakistan on MEDIA channels only :-) what happened to MODI's 56 inch chest?	0
"💥part time Jobs ⭐earn daily 500/-2000  ⭐no Registration fees ⭐no hard work ⭐Govt certified company if you want to join ⭐type ""Mobail job"" and send it to my whatsapp no ⭐whatsapp num..+8483891541"	0
Quit corruption will not stop by this way people are finding their ways	1
I love the dress.!  How could this happen?	0
Market is going with low volumes and going down with large volumes . Is strong hand trapping weak hand at upper price?	0
"It was completely a PM’s show, as BJP candidates from any of Varanasi’s five constituencies or other BJP leaders campaigning in the city were conspicuous by their absence from the cavalcade."	0
"Let us now take up BJP files and appoint committees they would not be of small wrong doings like AAP. I do not condone small but they can be corrected and they are not so severe as the inflammatory statement dividing India by various so called leaders of ruling party of country. Not to mention the honesty. If for gains they are willing to undermine idea of India and unity, for them corruption would be a cake."	1
"Truth is bitter Good job Kangana"	0
"Bittu Sharma yes marrying still people converting to islam see ram could n't know who kidnapped his wife until hanuman told, see siva could not bring head of ganesh could not know until parvati told , sri krishna having 16800wives ,brhama marry own daughter gifted by son"	1
Salute.... That should be the message to all terrorists....	1
Opposition  shut your  fucking mouth  . And prove your self that you are speaking   for the benefit  of India not against   India.	1
"let me come clean.. This is the first time I am saying 'Awesome Narendra Modi"""	0
"bad fellows............. even a common man can predict monetary policy, but you guys cant live up"	0
Public investment has not picked up to its actual capacity: CEA	0
Tiwari also expressed grief over the death of a person in a fire that broke out in a slum cluster in south Delhi's Malviya Nagar area.	0
Its good sir...it should ban....	1
"Everybody knows Sachin , Raina , Dhoni are getting more money than 6 Cr. under the table ( for which they are officially retained ) ,when Gambhir , Yusuf pathan getting 11 Cr. officially ,how can they play on low amount ? shalab Srivastav said nothing wrong , poor fellow got banned"	0
"Engineering college flood was came at time of UPA government, Mr Kalam had given a vision to students for good hopes in engineering sector but 1998 to 2010 india lost pace of growth .In 1998 there was slowdown in economy but now we are looking to make own future by own ."	0
As an eminent lawyer he must be aware of the Supreme Court's order which says Aadhar can't be made mandatory.	1
It is not good for people.  It is not good decision.  It is not help the people.	0
"You Congress people our hearts are burning when we compare the present level with that of lokmamya tilak, dadabhai now rojee,malavya, jawaharlal nehru, jatipitha  gandhi. I appeal to you to bring back the dignity of those stalwarts."	1
"Yes, the same Osama which was declared as no:1 terrorist and they say his body was rested in water and no one asked y??? .. if u desperatley want him and know the exact place, y dont India have him."	0
People will show the doors to modi government	1
Where is that illegitimate kid of john dayal Mizz Gurmeher who till date don't know whether her father died in Kargil or in encounter with terrorist to meet these people and convince??? :/	1
"She wouldn't even know about the ""new wave of feminism"".  :D"	1
When ever any anti national or terrorist is caught or killed Congress party come for their defence	1
The Opera guy looks like a low budget gangster in a gangster movie	1
How can he possibly pull off the same look while making all these statements. #lazygraphicartist lol	0
"To the genius's, total wealth of a country is not exactly the best parameter to judge, per person income will drop India and China way down on the list. 22 million Australians have little more wealth than 1.5 billion Indians, just to put things in perspective"	1
I am surprised to show your pain in election time...It prooves that you are a member of Bjp..	0
We are waisting lot of time for quoting old governments. Stop that	1
"URGENT URGENT  URGENT 💰 * ```Online JoB ```* 💰 ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖ *🔰 💯% Genuine* *🔰 Zero Inverstiment* *🔰 1$ Join Bonus* *🔰 Make 1000-15000 Monthly* *🔰 Redeem Through Bank & Recharge*  ```Anyone Interest Msg Me Type your name and job``` ✅  Whatsapp ▶ *9749890410*"	0
Kaasmir innocnt people killed by indian army . Then Pak army killed Indian army	1
Ask them to implement UID for jewellery weighing above 5 grams	0
Virat Kohli didn't take field after injuring his right shoulder on the opening day of the third Test against Australia.	0
Can any telecom sector stock be a mega cap company in 10-15yrs?	0
"beta if your soldiers had the guts then they had not been beheading on continuous basis,"	1
Well what happened to srabjeet happens with Jadhav than u can imagine what will happen to Pakistanis in Indian custody firstly but also it prove us right that Pakistan is rogue state.... It is bad for good Pakistani civil society to move around the world with raised head... I hope Pakistan doesn't chose to go that way which makes every Pakistani being framed as murderer.. atleast Pakistani army takes this in to consideration	1
How is HP Electric Power ipo..Will it give good return	0
This is true colors of bjp to divide in the name of religion and rule the country what British has done	1
Stupid people. Both pork and beef are delicious. Hahaa. No issues . More for the people who eat. Oh btw no use arguing Keralites will continue eating beef or pork or whatever the hell we want because we have that basic human right here. Modi jis  goo s have no power  here	1
Supreme Court is running the country because the ministry is not able to do its job.	0
Yes bjp will do which bjp has to do you don't care about that	0
if some one dont hv quality and run after ransom amount and work had fr 10 yr also..nothing can happen..it need dedication and special raw talent	0
That's what happens When a country is lead by a visionary and not remote controlled leader.	0
How much long we have to wait for our strong actions	0
Looks like  sonu is now preparing himself for an award from the current government.	1
2019 pm Modi will get 26% more votes then 2014 lok Shaba election	0
Opponent wish to just be on the line light & create cheos in the country	1
"Don't understand people mentality .. to comment about the Own country and Own Respectable PM ,"	0
Let payment of service charge remain a custom  for the ambience  hotel/ restaurant provides.Large number of unruly college boys and girls visit restaurants these days and by abolishing the service charge the govt. has put waiters and other staff members of the establishment completely at their mercy.	0
"UP is having one of the worst health system and infrastructure in the country. Now they r busy in making identity cards and ambulance services for cows. Doctors can't do much without adequate infrastructure. Even for simple ailments many patients are being shunted to Delhi."	1
Is he Khan ? If not than no need to worries.	1
This is just the tip of the iceberg. ..everyone of the sasi group  is neckdeep with black  money. .raid  everyone ..	1
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	1
"In spite of so much trouble due to cash unavailibility,  we ll atand with you always."	1
"Does any mulla do hawan puja?  If no then does that mean they all hate Hindus.  #chotiyaz"	1
Please also mention the drunk dancing to Bollywood music during procession.	1
"but anyone can speak against wrong deeds specially when someone disable 90 % of people to get their money from their accounts and eventually disable all middle and lower section people to get basic needs of life including food...... u know what i mean by 90%"	1
"Despite best efforts, Mayawati 'Maya Jaal' is ineffective in UP, where SP-Congress alliance is supreme."	1
Surgical strike by Pakistan and we do surgical strike through media! Long live Modi diplomacy!  #SaveIndia	0
We should follow Israel type lessons to teach Pakistan lessons.tactical new strategy should be followed	0
They don't have the guts to go to Bengal were people of 1 community r being killed & harassed regularly..... These activist r afraid to raise voice for zaira wasim who is getting threats by the so called separatist(actually terrorist)...... I m sorry to say .....but they all r fu*k*ng bunch of coward....	1
What an amazing thought!!! Data is the new natural resource... yes it is!!!!	0
"Standing ovation to him for reminding us legalized plunder and organized  loot like 2G, Coal, CWG scams :P"	1
"What he said and what are you quoting?  Wish you looked at the video in an unbiased manner...."	1
"He is a respectable & responsible leader , we can't forget his service when he was finance minister ,i don't appreciate his pm tenure ,as far as his statement is considered all parties are same engaged in looting innocent janta ."	1
Wow Pakistani hates Modi & loves Congress . This is why we support BJP 😘	1
Sonu Nigam is right... I support him...	1
Guys I figured it out they are singing opera in advance for your funeral as 400 cc on Indian roads will kill you lol...	1
B coz he is with B J P And lots of money...............         AAP doesn't have.	1
"This is how they provok for creating religious riot, so my fellow human know this demon fact and stay way"	1
Give the man a chance and then comment	0
"for nutty professor  when you inhale oxygen have to exhale carbon di oxide ---you benjamin nut ,do not come out of the grave ,go back to the  grave  ....from ghost hunter liquidation in drops"	0
"Hahahaha, What made you think I am Pakistani? My difference of Opinion? Grow up Kid."	1
"Yes I read that radhika, but if you read it carefully she has mentioned that Misha is not a puppy that I spend one hour with her and run....what's that remark.....puppy?"	1
Take your religionism to the other states please!!	1
I came to know from credible sources that he is already dead and he is kept on ventilator for past one week .	0
How long is it gonna take to launch the dominor.	0
He is doing for his country men. Immigrants are secondary. Syria was a fuck up. But on domestic side he is doing well. Illegal crossing has decreased. Business are going to US. He is doing well.	1
Bjp or congress one should deserve the penalty given by law.	0
Foreign style attitude. It really works and has to be implied	1
"First take care of turkey and give freedom to Kurds and then preach us on Kashmir.  Your​ preaching not required....you are a guest and behave like one..... Don't try to poke your bloody nose in internal issue between India and Pakistan."	0
Being the Prime Minister can you tell what ever you like?	0
He made people across India to stand outside bank from early morning and he left for Japan as usual	1
So they are forcing customer to withdraw their money under the 4 transaction... i thought they will take a step for cashless transaction ...	0
A value is transfer to a valuable energy to the patient	0
Only political person and government officer have big black money by way of cash gold property	1
just kep checkin on evm jumla will lose evrywhr	0
4 people died and Indian express finds humour in it..rip journalism..	1
"400 cc dominar 35 bhp, cbr 250 cc 34.87 bhp, 390cc duke 43 bhp."	0
great. so mr. feku your acche din shuru ho chuke	1
"Uncle, why don't you openly join BJP and dare to declare your rss alignment 😂"	1
"Karen Hjarne  Why,,,,does it make you feel good about the ridiculous ban that Trump enacted?"	1
"Dear friends..I am  Bangladeshi & I also  a Muslim, I always proud of my religion. Unfortunately shocked me the news thatt was unexpected from sonu ji!   I live behind a temple.. most of time they are celebrated religions functions smoothly!  we also injoy with there. We have no excuse there job. But our azan is absolutely sweet & flexible.  who kip it up his mind he understood the significant of azan. It obviously an encourage all Muslims to pray for Allah!!!"	1
Now people will start trolling bill gates will start  saying he is a so called bhakts.	0
WHO ISSUED  LICENSE  TO DRIVE  TO SUCH FOOLS. INDIA  NEEDS STRICT  DRIVING  LAWS	0
if no rate cut means how market will react from now onwards....?	0
I kind of support him.	1
"Talking to companies, govt on making economical generic drugs available to patients: IMA President"	0
I respect Sonu Nigam's courage. No God prefers noise. Relation with God is very personal matter. Why to cry.	1
come  on..we  will show  what our action izzz	0
U bloody Fuckstain just wait & watch u kill 2 our respected soldiers now time has to killed 200 ur gays soldiers	1
Abe what liar what fake he is a genius man	1
One most certainly has to know Avant-garde and what the Met Gala is all about.	0
"He is a singer,, but not a wise man ......   Ignore ignore ignore & more ignore him  ...  so if he feeling disturbing then he shift to another place where Azan doesn't reachable......"	1
"Bihar exit poll over, now UP exit poll.  All the best BJP"	1
Why tv18 number one not showing in its result and mkt price????	0
"iNDIA IS A WONDERLAND THAT HAS GIVEN SHELTER TO ALL RELIGIONS  WITH SO MANY LANGUAGES THAT CLAIMS ""UNITY IN DIVERSITY"""	1
"Or in other sense, the press may want to show us that all those reserved candidates are not always undeserved. And behind every misdeeds performed by any doctors/engineers, there is not always a reserved candidate. #Justanopinion"	1
"Poor chap Microsoft do not make vaccine they are software company .dont feel bad, you are pakistani ao you don't know about software . Infact India export vaccine to European and african countries."	0
"We are proud for Jayalalithaa,India loss great humanity,and powerful women.."	0
"Why do u want to complicate a simple issue..  Half of ur population i.e. women, are deprived of basic human rights and is vulnerable with things like triple talak and what not.. Why dont u show ur courage and logical thinking then and fight for their rights?"	1
should I hold SBI or buy more ? Whats the future of SBI ?	0
"running in losses since its start and still want investors to invest in their venture, its a doubt even in the coming three years if they report no profit no loss"	0
Shame on Indian Express to fall to such level.	1
Israel continuing their heavy hand of racism. So sick of these Zionist Jew dogs.	1
There are ten thousand more logical ways to explain this	1
"AnujJi, plz throw some light on stocks like United Spirits, GM Breweries......."	0
I seems that u r only the loyal person on the planet........	1
Dog married presstitute and ie was born	0
WATCHING NEWS ON THIS ISSUES - INTOLERANCE IS CLEARLY VISIBLE.	1
There are reasons to not buy the Moto G5 Plus	0
"Anuj Any idea on why "" NILKAMAL "" RISING ??"	0
Should find a pond nearby!!! Rest understood!	1
All the johars and likewise are nothing but chamchas and asslickers of big stars. Too many sycophants and ego blowers. . .	1
Joined Google after graduation and in just 10 Years .. leading google as CEO.. Hats off to you Sir..	0
Most looted period was 2004 to 2014. Now wo cares what Congress is saying.	1
"Aizawl Fc became Indian champions only on 1 crore budget and will be relegated due to aiff's cronyism, but media won't raise this issue, its only interested in the farce called swach bharat abhiyan."	0
RCB going to win 😃	0
"Buy #Sunglasses Online at Low Prices in #India - Amazon.in from popular brands such as #Fastrack, #Ray-Ban and more http://amzn.to/2matT0r"	0
I HAVE 4 LOT SHORT SELL IN ULTRATEC CEMNT 4000 RATE WHAT SHOUD I DO	0
Hah! How have the mighty fallen! #ShameIE	1
"Religion, hatred and militancy will make the journey dead end for Pakistan.  World know india is the only stabilising balance in Asia as well as world. These kind of activities make not only Kashmir even internal peace also a distant dream for the terrorist nation."	0
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
Do you see nifty hitting all time highs within this expiry??	0
Congestion at airports a big hurdle for aviation sector in India: Kapil Kaul	0
Bjp govt cheated our Andhra Pradesh we need special status or else your govt will be wiped out in next elections #weneedspecialstatus...	1
Now he is Hindu Taliban ..  Curse in you .. India is terrorist as we know 13 Indian terrorists have been killed by american moab missile we request to donald trump please drop a moab missile on India to tackle terrorism 😂😂😂	1
Very good work that ever a India PM had done but corruption	1
"In google search for  List of massacres in india U wil get the count"	0
You are the best...Hat off to the best minister of NDA.	0
"very very true....it's ""Business""...but it should be not at cost  of ""person's personal""...i suppose..."	0
The benchmark Sensex moved up nearly 27 points in early trade on Thursday.	0
"violence against pests! Dont u kill pests when their no. increases? Same thing here too, where there r 5% 10% pests the environment is clean but ut starts deteriorating  when  their population increases above 20%."	1
This is totally better use of govt loop howl monopoly wich is provided to jio  this is country is behaving like banana country  only one co can test network and enroll free customer with govt revenue loss and company adding customer	0
Mr. Kunder correct your facts. Prove it he is goon.	0
guys prices sore.. this year so whoever supports him must realize that what ever stats he says is imaginary figures	1
Rohit ji or samit ji here siting by compermise just only toking fight on TV out side friends they belong RSS.	1
"if sympathizers are eliminated, and article 370 revoked.. everything will fall into place"	1
So what ? I love RSS.	0
Someone from the channel was recording a bite on weather at India gate on Christmas morning.  Even recorded our running group's interview.  We couldn't ask her air time for the same. Would be great if we could c the video for the same. Please help	0
V unfortunate. Tatas in news lately for all d wrong reasons	0
"Not muslim majority, terrorist majority countries"	0
Jio has crossed 100 million customer mark in 170 days: Mukesh Ambani	0
"SP, BSP Supporters Clash In Mahoba, Four Injured"	0
th who are against modiji can leave India and go f** themselfl	1
She is playing all cards even at the cost of bringing destability.	1
Sir and madam I have bse @1000 what do with bse every day going down	0
It's better that you should apply for Citizenship of your Favourite Country PAK & TALK WITH INDIA AS AN AMBASSADOR TO FULL FILL GOLDEN DREAM	1
"net neutrality ....ministry of information and broadcasting , see here cnbc tv 18 is featuring all old news to me ......"	0
"Left and right against secularism and supporter of terrorism, Kerala is d best example"	1
"Thanks for noting Harin Munshi, the truth is that we as a system still lack a lot of checks and balances..."	0
All source of entertainment..should b banned immediately...IPL wd crores of Rs sud be handed to all jawans..	0
Bank of Baroda's Wilful Defaulters' list is out and the numbers aren't pretty. The top 5 defaulters alone account for over INR 355 Crores of NPAs.	1
Aj Singh agree with you I think pissing off is also there freedom movement 😂😂😂😂	1
Anna is an agent and opportunist.	1
"With his consistent high performance, Modi has set a very high level for P.M.'s post. Can his rivals for P.M's post  in 2019 measure up to this level.As of now they are just loose cannons."	0
If your tweet against loudspeakers for noise pollution... it will be great... but this is targeted to only a religion basic.. thats y we are questioning... you are living in India...so you should understand there r multiples of religions in India.... Also you are singer .... first analyze your field how its polluted...	1
Obviously the data has been manipulated.....	1
You wanna eat pork it is your call then.we won't stop you.we wanna eat beef it is our call then.you don't stop us.free country free choices.fair and square.	1
"Swami Vivekananda also said:"" The society where women are not respected can never prosper.""His words are more relevant today than they were during his lifetime in view of the rising crimes against  women in our society .Swamiji also started the tradition of 'kumari pujo' where a young girl is worshipped as part of Goddess Durga on the Navami day of Durga puja."	0
Where is the Nifty headed too ? Post Rbi policy	0
"People who are not in support of modi, please think ten times what the previous govts have done, they have achieved lots of scams looting crores of public money. Please wait for sometime and have Patience to see a bigger difference. Modi is a great prime minister India has ever had. Let's support for our better future, I agree this is a pain which lasts very soon."	1
oh God!!! what a pitiable condition in Delhi.These initiatives are okay and nontheless appreciable but moving to eco friendly means of transport and reducing usage of fossils fuels will be the best possible solution.	0
becasue anna is RSS man	1
What about Kerala Muslim league ?	1
"Which means ​ India has more toilets and mobiles than Pakistan.  Pakistan A nation that also suffers from the same problem,but they are blind to it."	1
"Sad children don't realize what they value to their parents...A father today can't even shout or beat for not working ... Only god can tell what that his father is going through ...How can they  not perspect about our parents after such consequences...😞 Salute you sir..!!! ...You make us feel proud national ..And condolences"	1
We will not Celebrate Bjp win we will pray for our brave soldiers Sukma attacks	1
This on line transections shall be applicable 100% for political parties.	1
omg...she is trying to irk kareena by this statement it seems....	1
IF THE PERSON DEAD BY COW VIGILANTES IS FROM UR FAMILY THEN U SPEAK LIKE THIS. STOP TRASH POLITICS. FIRST BE HUMAN & IF POSSIBLE SAVE LIVES. UNDER BJP RULE MINORITY PEOPLE R FIGHTING TO LIVE. INDIANS R WATCHING THEY NEED COMMUNAL HARMONY NOT FIGHT. FORGET GE 2019 IT WILL BE GRAND ALLIANCE HEADED BY INC FOR PEACEFUL DEVELOPMENT.	1
they just announce money and it will be looted by some politician or govt officer	0
rising from the dead dominar after speculation of three years	1
"Corruption is spread in this country like blood cancer. If one has cancer at a particular location in the body, we can get rid of cancer by removing that part. If whole body is affected by cancer, how difficult it would be to remove cancer from the body?"	1
"I pity on his illogical and baseless comment..  Framing a particular religion.., being  Muslim.. V respect all religions and expect the same from our fellow citizens of #India"	1
True this hazard wakes only when bjp is going for elections	1
Demonetisation gives banks a platform to push small entrepreneurs into a formal system: Arundhati Bhattacharya	0
That's what you Congress idiots were doing for six decades.you fool this is time for action.Better if you keep your mouth shut.	1
Wait and watch! Tiger will hunt the kangaroo like never b4.	0
Ya remember at least you guys speak positive then market goes up and just one negative thing you can change the whole statistics . I guess remember Udayan Mukherjee	0
"Can anyone deposit 50,000 in my Jandhan account? I think there are enough black money with Govt. after demon.😜 -A True BPL card holder."	0
"Not sure If you're normal human being or a alien  Visit India once minorities living much better life here Just curious to know why it always you peace loving peoples discriminate people based on religion  According to you Bombing people, Shoving Islam down to people throat is not ""julm"" right ?😒  Grow a pair dude"	1
"""People""... If we stop flying this problem will be cured!!!! :P"	0
This is what a real sportsmanship is all about.Captaining international cricket team is not a joke n they didn't reach there just because of their talent and hardwork..it needs a lot of character n discipline on and off the field..who are we to point out on such level of cricketers.We should appreciate for their representation n respect the other teams equally too. Respect#	0
Fully agree. Many kill their skill just coz of the satisfaction of monthly credit to bank accs.	0
"Indian Army trying to divert attention from Kashmir unrest... where they stop internet access,social media bane, violation of human rights , killing of innocent Kashmiries on daily basis....thats why every Kashmiri stands against Indian aggression , but remember the struggle of self determination of Kashmirs people will continue until their freedom...."	1
"Mr Jogi , are you silent on such matters   knowingly ? May be  because one ,two incenents may escape your notice but not in series. Saints teaches  sincerely but those who practise them are called Jogis. I have not found my answer from your deeds."	1
How can be BJP and Aap at the same time?  There was corruption only during Congress rule? Where is Mr.  Hazare now?	1
Nd one other than Modi has the guts...	1
what abt BEML ? Is there any hope for strategic sell ?	0
"Aditya Kumar Acharya a citizen of rapist country n toiletless country. If they r stone pelter why u killed sikh in operation blue star in golden temple attack. Why u killed muslims in gujrat???"	1
Please go to parliament and make it to run smoothly	1
The person who is telling that Indian bsf is so and so I like to tell him .for your PK bsf. Our local cizitan itself inaf so don't tell about my Indian bsf coz history says you have never won and you will never win this is true and accept it and you people won't have that much daring to fight front ley so don't ever dar to comment any thing about Indian army jai hind	0
"Farid Siddiqui, first atleast write corruption spelling correctly...secondly...Ur read ur comment urself..u saying corruption was at high...and things Wer smooth... Buddy it has to be smooth when everybody was a part of loot and getting the butter..! Anyways not ur fault. We understand the pain of its."	1
Not a big deal... being glamorous doesn't pay..burning your sweat day in and day out making something worthwhile and bringing fame to your nation at international podium is indeed praiseworthy! And not by shaking your legs and showing how sexy you can be!	1
This is a comedy. These guys go and pay by cash at hotels ? Is he talking about illegal Russian drug peddlers in Goa. And to see some folks upset about it 😀😀	1
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
Please share ur views on Lic housing fin and idea	0
And some still desperately  wants to prove their hate for Modi !	0
When they are crossing the lines over humanity. Makes a scarecrow of themselves by way of human shields what is expected then. Mutual disobedience of laws.	1
"hi, in case of portofolio building, shall we wait for some more time to invest?"	0
"No offence please , Drs and ambulance are for mother cow ,, go to pakistan if have any objection regarding this. Plzzz no offence"	1
In Assam ( including Cachhar ) and Dooars cattle thieves are very active for long time and they are called ' goru chor ' ( cow lifters ) . It's not new thing to beat up these cattle thieves severely without handing them over to police . It's not case of cow vigilante and usual practice throughout Assam and north Bengal . Cattle lifters sell these cows mainly to Bangladeshis .	0
"Financial closure of road projects a hurdle, have met bankers on this: Nitin Gadkari"	0
china & japan must be scoffing at american knowledge .	1
Paul Sabin u r such a retard......u share a post and then like it ur self 😂😂😂😂😂	1
Then that is also a kind of bribe.	0
The same guy who was beaten black and blue by Sharukh Khan in a party???	1
"We keralites love and respect every religion and culture. Irrespective of religion and political preference, everyone in the state will be against this fascism. If BJP seriously want a political stand in Kerala,then they have to play by our rules. Seriously these kinds of gimmicks are not gonna work with us."	1
and finally they will have a bike that will make these songs enjoyable in comparisson....	1
court never take interest  in right decision	1
"Mr sonu nigam  People who are beaten up and murdered in the name of animal so called god cow burtually harrased on roads tell about this it is more than your sleep when this force religiousness ends in india   #overrated_shitt"	1
Bhopal Singh Singh where ?? In Ethiopia??	1
"I have one doubt?,,, big bazaar owned by reliance "" how they got money ""if it's by legal from government.. why to them.."	0
"yes ,yes syria ,what about them r they not kiling ,for their religion ?y don't people r not freedom in middle east ,,"	1
"INDIA TV, how dare u to compare Cow with Animals, Cow is Godess, Gou mata"	1
"Pleases don't choose this kind of MP,"	1
some odd incidents on personal rivalry would continue and the police can't check every single incident 24x7 as they have their own limitations = let's hope good sense prevails all over	1
"Sir, great step. Go ahead, don't issue 2000 RS notes also."	0
How could they do it? Did they come within Indian Border or Indian forces went there ?	1
Can we expect next Thursday to be good for bull ?	0
He have a great idea....	1
We don't spend one hour and rush off from our puppies. :/ Tanvi Lolap	1
Haha this guy doesn't know he is protecting snakes.	1
Terrorist right . How com pak get into indian border to install a trap? All are false allegations from BSF (tale aik hath sa nahe bajtee)	0
"Haha, so 60 years no development, only loot !!! Good you accept now !!"	0
Nidhish Nair like his North Indian counterparts are waiting for that 12 lakhs to fall into his account .	1
You can switch on times now and zee news if you want to see bjp managed media	1
"Remember, its your president who came here begging for relation. 😂😂😂"	0
"Dear friend, I have not got opportunity to watch the movie yet due to shows running housefull but your comment seems to inspired by communalism.."	1
What a craziest feature of the history and caracator​ .	0
Whatever Virender Sehwag. How defensive you are how..! You won with hatredness over Peace. Being a influencing personality you proved you are insensitive.	1
How many times did ew watch?  😃	0
"R u knowing the meaning of freedom .. .??? Begger vahabiii .. . U just shaming islam ...and Kashmir..."	1
"Gandhi, Nehru, Bose and others..fought for freedom of cows from British Rule.."	1
"moral ethos, ethics and values!! hmm whose? every morning in the newspapers, I take note of the moral ethos, ethics and values of people!"	1
Even his stage programmes might have disturbed many human beings.....	1
According to him demonetization is quantitative easing... could very well stimulate economy sooner ! Jay	0
"All the porkis...learn a word ""BESTI""."	1
Eagerly waiting for 31st dec 2016. Modiji we want big announcements to unearth black money stashed in properties and benami properties. Money stashed abroad. We are looking at bright future for generations to come. Black money and corruption should be extinct.	1
Awesome analysis dude. I salute to your small brain. Anyway what do you smoke when making such a comment!?	1
I have a question for you sir. Can you please name the temple please also which Kashmiri Pandits are chanting bhajans?	1
"finally he spoke... all these years his mouth was stitched.... Ex PM sir, you look good when your mouth is closed.... talking does not suit you....."	1
Nice pic sir with ur son	0
Paid media trying to creat a rift in the AAP party but no logical citizen is buying it	1
"In Bengal 60% Bihari working in various places.  We are not against Bihari people's. Many religion working in Bengal.  Your state make difference... our state don't make any difference."	1
Ali have gomutr twice daily will improve your language and thinking.	1
Saurabh Shinde Sharing his opinion without reading the whole story is wrong. He just picked one of the 27 frames.	1
"Priyanka Chopra looking awesome,, with new dress,,, ,,, 👍👍👍 Deepika wearing nighty dress 😂😂😂"	1
"give modi a chance atleast, so many chance given to congress, they did not do nothing"	1
"Niraj Kumar don't try to change bands manually, let the phone choose the best available band automatically...That's the safest bet."	1
This is paid media and they are giving fake news. Nearly about 6 or 7 Indian soldiers got killed by Pakistani forces and even worst done by nexlets women who attack Indian army in sukma and killed 27 crpf and they remove there genitals while keeping them alive because army use to rape them	1
Haters gonna hate...@pseudo seculars....Pseudo seculars are  the most dangerous people now. Days...Indian Express is the most vulnerable to people's unity...It's the most pseudo secular news channel..	1
And CNBC thinks that this is an important news? ??	0
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	0
"Common people are suffering Yaar, Look at the incidents we need good planning and structure for making any scheme in India"	1
"The biggest explosion of 2017. The big bang had never happened and never will * ₹₹ Free Join Other Business ₹₹ *  → If you want to get a job  → 10,000 to 50000 rupees from mobile ..  → Earn money every month, absolutely free  → champ cash from the Play Store  → Download your App  → Register.  → Enter the Referal ID - *371881*  → Helpline Whatsaap no - *9529389497"	0
Was it on zee news😊	1
"Moni Singh If a woman has a choice to not work outside so be it. She then can decide whether to work outside or work at home. And how is working at home not a job ? And anyway she spoke only for herself, not for the world. Then why is everyone offended? And why is it necessary to have social validations to prove your identity ? Isn't being a good human being an identity. True equality will come the day when both stay at home moms and DADS are given equal respect as working men and women."	1
Kirushanth Rajiv K Saransh Umale V.Siva Sai Krishna Jalikattu spreading across world 8)	0
azaan ends in 3 minutes nd    noise nd air pollution of vehicles disturb me throughout the day. So ban vehicles  too	1
The problem here is we Indians are sooo used to take side of a party first and then try and prove its all wrong deeds as right and ignore other's good deeds also... I feel we should not primarily take side of any party (may it be Cong / BJP / AAP or any other) and then judge them separately on each topic...	0
After sometime he won't be getting a cycle rickshaw.	1
Is it the time to buy IT shares? When it will again pounce back???	0
"Well deserved.  Truly, She is a legend.  😊"	0
Terrible decision by Modi - black is only 10 percent of the liquid cash. Its in other asset forms. The poor and middle class are suffering.	1
It is silly to drag Nehru's name into contemporary politics which is totally dirty.	0
"you were not supposed to say that Mr.singh.. At least you should learn that what could you have done to make India out of curroption just like you saved us in 1991 Bop crisis.."	1
"O wish that son to be a cow .... Really sad condition of my country very humans are treated like animals and animals as gods"	1
When you believe that Vikaas was on the way and then he gives u this!!!	0
"The opposition so far unseen but emerging now was a proof that ""certain developments our rivals don't desire are happening in the party"", Sasikala said."	0
I think they forgot to bring bike to the launch event..	1
Indian paracommandos love beheading.....Just wait and watch.....They already proved earlier....Atleast  50 paki bodies will be burnt down just like in 2011	1
"Everybody say Voice of ""Sonu Nigam"" is Gift of Almighty God but Sonu Nigam make an objection on the ""VOICE OF GOD"", how ungrateful you are!!!. You have to apologise as soon as early on you're stupid objection with Muslims for hurting their sentiments on before #Almighty_God take back his precious gift from you lol."	1
"The world would be a better place without USA.  USA is the most damaging country in world."	0
BJP doing all this to defame AAP more..... NOTHING ELSE .	1
How it is related to PM Modi ? If Jansatta & Indian Express have any prejudice against PM ?	1
"Change Ninda, Forces r being treated v badly, esp Kashmir, Sitting ducks."	1
😂😂😂where did it win... It's BJP who has won	1
"Wonderful person! A fine mind! God bless you, General Rawat!"	0
Stupidity Shown By Narendra Modi. What he want to prove. I make my money white before 6 month	1
Why blame BJP. Going abroad is individual's choice. Money comes to the family. People who go abroad must know all that glitters is not gold. Government of the day is taking utmost care in such cases.	1
"More lying stories from Indian media. Hahahhaha just like their never happened surgical strikes.   India media at its lowest."	1
Razi Ashraf We expect the next new story from secularists that the US President is an RSS sponsored candidate.Great.	1
Could have been better way to showcase the bike.  But bike looks promising.	0
Anuj if R.b.I announce 1℅ rate cut what will be impact on mkt	0
ask straight question madam -whether GVK  is congress or BJP or telungu desam or trs congress ....you people are just hitting around the bush .	0
Bjp will emerg as largest party..may get 160 seats	0
This is fabricated story even if it's true indian fellow should not celebrate it	1
When common people suffrd bfr why didnt people raised thr voice dat tym??	1
this will increase road rage and that too especially at night	0
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
Everything long term here. May be the results will be seen after 70 years as they have to undo the doings of the past govt in the last 65 years.	1
Remove caste based reservation introduce economy based reservation automatically corruption I'll come down	1
"Shantam Pandey This is job of Foreign minister, Dumbo!"	1
why kashmiri might have not mutilated	1
"Amazon India is organised cheating set-up.  Delivers completely wrong product and keeps on sending back the same wrong item on requesting replacement. Can't happen unintentionally!"	0
"Those who wish to see another opportunity will see another Bus, but those who don't will not see another Bus because they are busy regretting missing first one...."	0
You are talking theory but in practice it is not followed.iPS & IAS are nothing in front of these Honorable MLAs. They even slap and abuse them in front of their subordinates. This MLA was so nice that he has not used any bad words. IPS officer should thank the MLA for not using bad words.	1
"Feel proud to b Indian, lead the globe Best of luck"	0
"Good to have Deepan , about tata global beverage and Ujjivan finacials"	0
Weather he is confused or he is confusing country saying they would have did it in 71 now you implemented you are seeing the consequences of implementing.	1
Vishal Joshi  Google some crime history of India........there are many examples of partiality in Justice........same crime.... but different punishments	1
"Nice move ...i too want to leave my habit of chewing gutkha ..but no one is telling me its alternative ...i know its a bad habit ...but truly , it soothes the mind ..and it is a cheaper alternative to other such ingredients .."	0
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-9044274 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
Super move. We are with our PM in this war against black money. Every one should think like a soilder for every right step by PM	0
Razi Ashraf Just look at your comment. Better change your mindset before more innocents die	1
This ex service man should be penalised very heavily....his pension privileges need to be stopped....such scoundrels will never back off and will teach/share war skills to anti social elements.....this case should be handled by NIA	1
"ONLINE PART TIME JOB.  ✔💯FREE ☞NO INVESTMENT. ✔ EARN 5000-50000 MONTHLY. ☞ INSTALL CHAMPCASH FROM PLAY STORE. ☞ SIGN UP AND REGISTER IT. ☞ PUT THE REFER ID OF SPONSOR:- 13083581. ☞ COMPLETE THE CHALLENGE. ☞ GO TO INVITE AND EARN START REFFER TO OTHERS.  ⚠SPONSOR ID:- 13083581."	0
This puppet came out for MCD election #chutiya	1
Sir please share your views on bodal chemicals for long term growth prospects considering the production ban in China.	0
"when they pelt stones on army wa will u call that? does army men have no life? but asking a pig from a failed country is useless"	1
I don't look at this as a battle: Infosys Chairman	1
"take care sonia, you are not looking well please do the needful...."	0
Its the same with Hindu's as well. Dont take his tweet seriously. Insteas read comments of others and know not everyone is like him.	1
Y d hell u dnt show d income of d cricketers..... Who earn der blck money through match fixing nd all... Eg. Dhoni nd all.... Bt dey got it coz dey deserved... Nd make it clear	0
this is callled the real surgical strike .   lessson for indians as they fool own people even they not know wat is surgical strike	1
"💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
There are very few among top corporate masters who can dare this........I congratulate him for crafting a unique path.....in this world of greed very few masters can achieve this......	0
"Not pained at the legalised corruption of electoral system under the new Bill that allows unlimited secret corporate funding.   Not pained at the goonda Raj, the dalit attacks in Una and student attacks."	1
Shameful on the part of shiv Sena to not act upon the mis behavior of the MP who abused and assaulted air India personnel and now tweaking the entire incident.  Good reply by aviation minister gajapati Raju.	1
????? Respect your nation buddy. Let PM Modi attack will full thrust. Enough is enough.	1
Do u understand english or not ? Hav i ever discussed abt religion here ?	1
Manumasti chapter 420 we was eating before and now we stop eating beef and so our revised 420 thoughts will force other community should also to be stop eating beef in democray india.!	1
Just good friends means only one sided love. I mean someone have a better option to secure rest life rather stick with foolish lov3ee3	0
SIR I AM VERY PROUD THAT SH. MODI IS OUR P.M.	0
"Indians should not react like facing a natural calamity. It's a Process, he's not there to dedicate his total time. Somebody else will take his position Soon and who knows he might prove better !"	0
"Plzz all do watch ,😍"	0
"Lol says a porkistani..y Don u pigs look at porkistan first.. Ha ha nice comedy no wonder inbred peacefools are so retarded because of generations of incest"	1
This channel is completely sold out to BJP. Beleive me.	0
Sir u are on right track.It is democracy and opinions will differ	0
"Azaan are the most beautiful words that should be listened and respected by every one if not interested at least dont say any thing against it that will hurt the sentiments of muslims......... Log hindu muslim bane ke chakar me shayaad inshan bana bhul gaye h har Religion ki izzat karna sikho....... Sonu Nigam is a very bad person....... I hate you so much"	1
Transfer fee is the additional backfire on Existing Monthly Budget.......	0
I am enjoying reading the comments. What kinda name is Dominar	1
"Still u r in illusion. ..what ur MLAs did with Public no one can forget  Which u r telling ur master class work ..women Power line 1090 ...a fake. ..they just collect data ....and solve themselves even don't talk to victims.....there r many issues by which u defeated .....interospect themselves"	1
"Hey Megha Vishwanath, so used to watching this with only you as the rocking anchor...Will take time to like the transition😃"	0
"He I talking about Indra Gandhi, that she not takes any action in 1971 like demonetization, modi Ji in 1971 the value of 1000 rupees is 12000 rupees nd that time only 12% population get effected but now 80% population r suffering, to take this brainless measure rnot required that time. Don't say anything rubbish without knowing, bjp always spread fake news.  Sry for some grammatical mistake."	1
"To quote former British Columbia (Canada) premier Ujjal Dosanjih :""PM Modi is a great campaigner but a mediocre Prime Minister"".The old English saying ""Either you run your mouth or the country"".Needless to say PM Modi has opted for the former."	1
RE Is old-school and high on maintenance and cost for and Indian company	0
wat if nifty can't cross 8700 to 8720 dis expiry ?as 50 dma 20 dma all approx 8713	0
You are our INSPIRATION.  India will be No. 1. Country in your leadership.  SALUTE YOU N RESPECT YOU FROM BOTTOM OF HEART.	0
Msd can beat Aus.but u can't virat in any format!	1
Really Golden girl. We feel proud of you. Thank you.	0
Paris France had a Muslim attack today	1
"And if they are advertising condoms why dont they advertise it in a decent and logical way  Seeing sunny nude will promote condom ??"	1
"That's the tragedy with human nature... It tends to imitate rather than introspect or innovate #PFact"	0
Modi is Dictator ...uneducated with fake degree feku ..he can't digitilise PDS leakages which is basic structural reform but doing the which is not necessary	1
cement sector ? u think is there a correction left before buying in big cement stocks	1
Thanks to u guys u guys rock...I l catch u tomm	0
good decision by the father! killer of innocents doesnt deserve a respectable burial.he should be put before vultures if he was traitor.	1
V sad that Army people on both sides of border r treated  v badly.Politcians play the games and innocent Army Jawans r killed.	0
In All govt department increased corruption why ty r not invitigate and remove those employee	0
"I m Muslim, as a Muslim I don't hv any objection with the bajan on your temple because it's a religious thing I didn't want to interfere on that, but y you??? Even though Azaan if only for 2 to 3 minutes only and in my state the bajan starts from 5am to onwards may be some times the whole day, you are a great personality I request you don't try to divide the communities or don't create panic between us..."	1
They not gonna do that...blood in their eyes now	1
If you cannot do any good for your country   at least support those who are trying to do something better for country. Today whole world recognise India just because of Modi.	1
Open to JV with any entity who gives 100 acres of land to build logistics park: Nitin Gadkari	0
"Mediocracy meets perfection, there comments are nothing but Karan's insecurities. She put it on a plate for him, he still doesn't get it. She said comments like these only inspire her to work harder not run away you fool."	1
Being dalit is the best thing to happen nowadays in India.Get 20 percent marks u can become a doctor. Get 5 percent more and u become an IAS officer or become a politician in reserved quota. And all at no cost. What more you want man.	1
Gambir are you questioning our loyalty. Common man focus on your present assignment and make your master and KKR fans happy. Otherwise your sincerity will remain questionable if poor result is achieved.	0
"Hi, What Shall be Bottom Range for Nifty in Worst Scenario for April Series."	0
Hie anuj ur cal on market for tom cn b this bottom n cn v make new high if clinton cuma	0
"Doctor has one thing in mind , health of his or her patient. He cannot let it choose by some chemist who regularly give bribe to a drug inspector. Most of time they give schedule drug without prescription"	1
Pirated softwares and applications are being used in India and most dangerous for us.. hackers business is being helped...	0
Let them kill each other. Dacoit parties both.	1
"Naxalites had carried out the biggest arson in history by setting fire to 80 vehicles, including 76 trucks, at the Lloyd Metals’ iron ore mine site at Surjagarh in Etapalli tehsil of Gadchiroli."	0
You have just proved your ugly insidious psycopath mind. So you say it's alright for an Arab or a any Muslim to be shot because he deserves to be. Don't you think humans are humans and that they all feel pain?	1
Prashant Singh say abt Genocide of Dravids n casteism of millenia	1
Yeah saw his tweet. He just hopes ;) it'll take him end of this year to early next year.	0
"Hahahahaha. Begged from Israhell.  Where is Agni and Prethvi."	1
"We are happy,  don't required your theory,  go and wash your face"	1
"There was another American who jumped in and got injured to save this guy(not sure how many Indians will do that for a stranger). If we see one example and start calling everyone terrorist , are we any different from the shooter."	1
The last rites Should be performed.	1
bloody rss filthy agent !	1
"HOW CAN U CHARGE MORE THAN U GIVE, WHERE INTEREST ON SAVING AC IS LESS, UTTER FINANCIAL & ECONOMIC DISASTER.."	0
Why is Mr Prakash diwan not coming on the channel	0
Ashis Kumar your modi invite us to come we don't bag from poor countries... turkey economy 100 times higher then India.... India still under DEBT of IMF ... 😂😂😂😂😂	1
"Please somebody tell her that CLEAN INDIA Mission is for INDIA not AMERICA 😂😂😂😂  UNOFFICIAL PROMOTER OF ""CLEAN INDIA CAMPAIGN"" 😜😂"	0
"State elections are nearing in gujrat.... So d preparations r on.. Gujrat model"	1
"Worst is when you see non Pakistanis giving the laugh emoticon for this article. Shameful people!! Even when this happens to Pak Army it is a disgraceful and utterly cowardly act!! Don't worry laughing morons, this week has not ended, porki army corpses will be served hot soon"	1
Anna speaks selectively. I am also from maharashtra and also observe his inclinations towards few and hatred towards others	1
Bt he only gave speech again...no proper answer!	1
"How is your health Sonia hope fine An rmbr Devs prediction baby girl for you"	0
"Dear NDTV, it's not the responsibility of a doctor to supply an ambulance. It is the responsibility of administration. Stop raising hatred for the doctors."	1
Civil modern nation? Why can't we send gau rakhsk as guerrilla?	0
Hi  Is there any reason to hcltech fall with 20/-	0
"Pakistan Army did not commit any ceasefire violation on line of control or a BAT action in Buttal sector (  Indian Krishna Ghatti Sector )as alleged by India. Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are also false.  Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian."	0
u r there at the border site.??? how u can say that it is not happened.	0
"Secularism Doesn't mean appeasing Minorities for vote bank politics nd  leaving Hindus isolated. Hindus unlike old Generation,They are united now to Chose the party that safeguard them."	0
"But my question is , Why you have not given him to Police when he was live and was moving to Terrorist side?"	1
Btw i m very much in india. I faced so many questions to deposit my own money in the bank. Atms r all cashless n dry. Banks r giving only 2000 notes. How do v manage to buy vegetables n bread. U go to a dr n see if u need hospitalisation how much money u need. I m aware of everything tho not living in india permanently	1
Don't go digital if you wish  kaleem....  We can drag a horse to river but can't make it drink water... Same is with you...	1
SS has only got 9 seats extra then  2012 where as BJP won 81 seats compare to 27 in 2012. So the real victory is of Phadanavis not of Uddhav.	1
Head of the most corrupt govt. till date.Shame on his part👎🏿👎🏿	1
I'm ashamed to have a motor mouth PM like fakendra Modi. #feku	1
Delhi police are thugs. Last year they beat up Army veterans protesting peacefully at Jantar Mantar on the orders of Rajnath Singh.	1
Finish Pakistan .D terror state has existed for long .	1
"Well done modi while u sit in your air condition room people have waited all day in the sun for withdrawing cash for their daily meal,  while step out the door would need to think shall we go to work to earn money for living or withdraw cash to eat a meal for living"	0
"I thought Amitabh bachan sir was very respected and famous person in North , didn't know he was hated and trolled so much"	0
He should be allowed to travel in goods train carrying beasts..he is as worth as they are. That luxary is more than enough for him (it!!!).	1
Ajam Khan and culture! Unbearable load of human society.	1
Hizib claimed the responsibility but said bank employees shot dead by crpf... Bloody cowards	1
"Nice to see ceo of google Mr. Sundar pitchai. It's a remarkable journey. It's a good move from google to keep indian as ceo because india is a huge market ."	0
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow	0
May be militants would have mutilated bodies.Millitants often enter army camps in Kashmir.Indian army often mutilate bodies of militants after encounters in kashmir	1
If interest rate going down then what is effect on bank earning pls brief	0
Thurki diggu has lost his balance of mind long back .Accused RSS for 26/11 questioned batla house deaths n has diehard hatred for Hindu govt .But licks d boots of fake dynasty .	1
please reply the creaction  will not be alone . 2 for 20 .	0
"First, stop the black money in politics, don't give election tickets to criminals, Clean your own house first before trying to clean others house. Gov. has the list of names of people having money in Swiss banks and Panama files, they are too big corporates, who gives lots of their black money to all political parties including BJP. No one can touch them. Demonitization cleans the black money from middle class business and not from big corporates who hold assents in $ and ¢"	1
"Height of stretching one's imagination. Comparing one terrorist, fleeing the law of the land, with one facing it."	0
Anna is doing drama. Why is silent about lokpal if he is gandhivadhi why not doing satthyagraha for lokpal well educate people know kejri he was part of the Central Govt and he is well know how ll do work. Not like that modi saab all people are not fool...	1
Congrats Chandra...This day will also be marked in history as a beginning of the end...no more we will see the house of tatas been occupied by great men...no more chapters in its history books...no more idealism...no keepers left to take care of this flame...what's left is hope and shadows of great men...it may be an end of an era but to me it is an end of an empire...	0
Has RBI become afraid more currency than what it has legally minted is bound to come to its coffers. As fake currencies also have all been deposited in the banks .	0
Nothing to say he have his own opinion.	1
"So much reduced target very unfair to sunrises, now no interest in remaining matches"	0
Coz he preaches a different religion but this doesn't stop him from being affectionate towards Muslims. You never raised the same question when Akhilesh Yadav did not do the same.	1
that is why he described his army as hijra his govt as hijra becuz they were not able to protect their women  in the past	1
Your hatred towards other cultures show that you're ignorant and need to be qualified	1
"Cess on motor cars & motor vehicles principally designed for the transport of persons (other than those for transport of 10 or more persons, including driver) including station wagons & racing cars capped at 15% ad valorem"	0
"anybody from pak now in India, arrest them even the foreign affains rep from that fucking place"	1
Sure Punam Chavan i follow CNBC-TV18 its on my timeline hhahhahhaha phone pe we'll chat ;)	0
https://youtu.be/EarUbLM5cHA A RIDE THROUGH CALAIS JUNGLE AREA BEFORE THE CLOSURE OF THE 'JUNGLE'	0
Kejriwal dissolve assembly elections in Delhi best for you	1
Now that's clear cut key points for budget....thanks for bring this to us	0
I am not aware of compulsory military training or draft expect during war. in US.	1
for the first time in two years of government he is speaking sense	1
Jigar Patel good reply bro.. Nice	1
"Happy that there are people who think positively, logically. A nice explanation indeed."	0
"I bought One Plus 2 just about two months ago..2 days back I dropped it and got the entire screen cracked. Though it is working fine. But I am not able to repair it due to unavailability of service centre in Jammu & Kashmir... It's frustrating"	1
The main person who raised voice against black money.  Now he is no more in the news.everybody forgotten him	1
"Remove modi's face from every banner existed in every peṭrol pump and advartisment too if you are not completely sold, SEC"	1
"And no matter what she is here on her own, with her hard work and talente which u stupid and excusing people can never b. So yeah totally understand ur frustration."	0
"Hi, having 500 shares of GNA Axles @218.5 INR ,i m medium to long term investor , whats ur opinion?"	0
Anna should avoid critical comments against Kejri sir.Anna has no lieutenant like kejri to popularise his name.This old man instead of petting is jealous of his oldtime disciple. Give him blessing instead of criticism.	0
"Why Anna Hazare not criticising so many issues created by BJP govt including not appointing the Lokpal, communal riots of Hindutwa activists including killings of weaker sections . All his present activities seems to be promoting BJP. We can't trust him any more."	1
"its her fault she is not here to make any minister happy she should have scoulded that mla badly bcoz she has came on that position by working hard and how ministers come we all know ... IPS is not a joke it is one of the highest job in india"	1
Indian politics doesn't have enough courage . We can never beat Pakistan.	1
"Nobody condemned karan for taking Pakistani actors, why ????"	1
"2Min of Azan *5 Times = 10min 10min * 30days= 300 mins/ 5hrs, 5hrs* 12months= 60 hrs/ less than 3 days  That also in 2min installments , Many Hindu festivals where continuity 3 to 5 days Bhajan n Chanting can be heard , polluting Air ,water n soil, even Many Traffick is due to such festivals But we muslims never protested not seen it as in Communal colour... This shows their hatred for Muslims."	1
"""tough competition for Royal Enfield"" Royal Enfield be like : ""HAHA, that's cute"""	1
"one more chance to akali nt face on badal , but the facce off modi modi"	0
"Good or very good,this will be decided by the people who are supreme in democracy.Wait and see how dealers whether wholesale suppliers or retailers of day to day essentials for rich and common people will react."	0
"Pakistan on Monday rejected India's accusation that it killed two soldiers in ""unprovoked"" firing and mutilated their bodies near the Line of Control in Jammu and Kashmi #drama"	0
"If you have any queries, post it in the comments section!"	0
Yeah and you bury seculars with salt .... This was your statement? Right ?	1
"Pak always violate all International Laws but I fully believed on Indian Army they don't these sacrifices in Vain and feel ashamed on Political leaders always showing condolence ,their is no need to Condolence but need to Action on Ground. Hats off my Soldiers..RIP"	0
"Didnt Gandhi say that ..... eye for an eye.   I think ppl in Pak respect Gandhi more then in India.  Some thing is wrong with the picture :/"	0
i also support BJP but this is not good move	0
Er Clive I think you need a history lesson on India/Pakistan before jumping to such conclusions mate.	1
Buy JAYBARMARU (Nse code- 1708) @ 363 targets 410 within a month probably.	0
"anti cow slaughter law brought by congress government way back in 60s prevents slaughtering of milking cows & calfs of any age, only oxen above 12years, dry cattles & buffalos can be used  for beef. so that become illegal  happening under the very nose of law, police & government not preventing such acts & butchers are not caring the law"	1
Now Quitting and changing jobs is the most remunerative thing. Will make more job hopping.	0
"I don't know where this great country is heading for ?   Politics is being played on cows ,  triple talaq & all that mess , just to stay in power.  When will these ppl realise that they r doing no gud to the country but just damaging it slowly with slow poison."	0
Views on Motilal oswal financial for long-term I have 1100 share @ 512	0
"The power baby DOMINAR is going to come on earth, of course they try to make it special"	1
Does mutual fund investors need to file seperate tax than salary tax?	0
"America n Russia both doing the rt thing n hv common goal... .. .. ..destroy Syria.. .. .. Keep it up"	1
No they don't bear with it	1
And what was Bangladesh called before 1971 ... Lol .... Pakistan and victories ... Epic lol !!!	1
Lol .. great initiative ! I indeed talked to him	1
"I ❤️ this Bahubali both parts,,I have watched bahubali 2 on Saturday,,, Awesome movie...Houseful in Dubai cinemas...it really deserves it all..."	0
Will u plz take views Jain irrigation n dvr.. been msging since the start	0
Modiji it's good idea but it makes suffering to village and common people	1
Yes he is the only politician who is a very big rouge and corupt and have cheated people of delhi my friend atleast wake up from deep sleep this type of fools should not be a politican they should go beg on the streets u blind man.	1
"It is hurting us a bit for today and tomorrow but it was required for a better good. Appreciate the ""MODI""fication"	0
He is not a puppet he is highly educated and a learned man I m nothing as compared to him. I experienced nothing wrong happening before the way it is right now. Ppl have to stand in queue with urine bag and disability to beg fr their own money at the ATM N Banks maybe tht is right according to you because u have not yet reached tht stage nor am I but I do have feelings for the old disabled the sick n the innocent. That's all my education n religion teaches me.	1
Not just other countries....India also believes in make in India!	0
Thank God he has gone.. He was a really dumb fellow who does that know how to change rules according to conditions..he was like working against Indian interests..	1
"He s doing all these drama , because he s out of business and he wants a ticket from bjp ..that's why"	1
"It is greatest among all toppers .. Toppers among toppers ..I am general category guy , I say Dalits scientific skills are equivalent to westerners. It is this science views saving India from poverty , illogical thoughts , black vs white divisions etc... IT workers cannot even missile , so we have to rely on science ."	1
Sinkandar for your point of view Taliban is peaceful community?	1
Defame of National Flower by this loser	1
Mayawati also charged the BJP with harassing and maligning her close relatives and herself.	1
Don't believe of this pig he killed countless muslin in fake incounter he not against kashmiri he against Muslim	1
Tow terrorst killd at bouder...indian army is a terrorst mob	1
"In India, u can kill people in the name of religion, but not question Religious practices. All sorts of nuisances shud b banned."	1
I think she didn't have time for interviews between work and a new baby ... this person obviously has time on her hands to throw her world view on everyone 😒	1
Why produce so many children in the first place when you can't afford to raise them?	1
It's true when you have actually been living. Probably true for those who haven't. Mumbai is definitely more expensive to live in than Delhi!	0
I think it's not true news. Could you please check as they wrote divided states of America.	0
"HI, Anuj & Sonia please give a view on the move in Hindalco today, is this move sustainable ?"	0
Who is this fellow Rohit Kumar Rout	0
I am also interested to purches such phones but price give after home dilevery	0
She got married even before college. She doesn't know what does work involve and what does it mean barring how one feels when working. So	1
Where is Pharma heading from here after strong FDA actions...Some analysts saying Pharma bottomed out but it looks otherwise.	0
Great! I love my PM... Oppositions disrupt both  Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha ...and expects PM to reply on every issues in which they think they can take political mileage and are making unnecessary propaganda.	0
"To be very honest This comes to all of us naturally when we go for a pi 🤣"	0
Perfect example of SOLD media house. Just like SONIA/RAHUL GANDHI who will sell anything ifthe price is right.	1
Bajaj used to rule when none of the other manufactures were in the market....	0
Fkr if u can't say something good atleast try to shut ur fkn mouth up 😡😠	1
Menakji when the entire police force and security forces are deployed to protect the political class. There is scarcely any police force left for the protection of citizens hence crime rate is bound to raise. This is simple logic.	1
Please ignore machiwala comments just agitating u all people ....ignore	0
"This is surgical  strike from Pakistan.  Indian forces should enter Pak where their bases are,strike and do not vacate their territory.Reguarly Indian forces should do heavy firing along various Pak positions.  Be offencive than defencive."	0
"Strongly agree to you Sunitha Lakshmanan di!!  I believe working mothers are raising thr children with more confidence, freedom and love!! Definitely homemakers were winners in this race , but today the race and path has been changed!"	1
"Gone case, unbelievable, don't know where he will to the country"	1
What will maken say on dingra report.p	0
"Suspected ISIS?? What is wrong with these pseudosecular press... Shame on #IndianExpress"	1
How much you get from BJP per month	1
"Becoz his wife is not Muslim. If his wife was Muslim Yougi will take him from his grave and rape as he said before Election"	1
"OUR TWO HEAD DIE  BUT  200 HEAD TO DIE URGENT BASIC"	1
"Shame Cpim,, shame cpim ,,,, wrongly expected some real cultural strategy form for society ,,,, wanna spit on Cpim heading India,,, or it may be Sitaram or whatever good for nothing person is ,,,"	1
"Usama Fahad ... People like U working ovet abroad for some oyher nation,  cant speak abt dvelopment of origin state"	1
Just look at Bengal after 30 yrs of communist rule.	1
Promoting protective sex is immoral? Since when?	1
Sneha Shriyan Neenu Kewlani got featured in CNBC Live @3:48	0
If government spend these money on participants before olympics rio then i think INDIA should have 25-30 more gold medal	0
Soumen I can advice u to shrug off these delusional binaries that the current environment has created and look at things from an a political way. But the rat is upto u.	0
Tough fight expected in 2018 Assembly elections.	0
Lol fucked up fake news.. why ABP news so desperate for TRP..Showing some old video of some other country	1
Ratish Menon atleast his father have never heard this much english that u spoke on him😂😂😂😂	1
I M thankful To Mr.President For Raising Kashmir Issue With #Mozi I Hope Turkey Will support us on all Forums	0
I dont think that 50% atms calibrated ..its only 15-25%	0
Hazare is a looser ! Didn't achieve anything ! Left halfway	1
"If they've splurge before the olympics , we might hve seen different numbrs in medal tally... :)"	0
No wonder most ISIS caders were from Kerala.	1
"RSS dont need to attack anyone for votes.......but people will vote for them , due to the hatred created by the so called sickular Muslim league , cross farming congress and hindu bashing CPM"	1
SWEET DREAMS --DREAM THAT MAKE YOU NOT TO SLEEP EVEN WITH THE SLEEPING PILL	0
You should join to RSS which is better for you	0
Awkward day for peaceful community. .one enemy lost and another won	1
^^ then? Soldiers killed themself and mutilated themself? Asking for proof b.c	1
Do you think bank nifty upmove is gona continue till this weekly expiry?	0
Steven he is showing y tis present is in trouble.. as u dnt knw who n y dey dug tis!!!!	1
REPlaCE kapil with Arvind and the whole scenario changes abuse to praise	0
All women anchors of this channel are brilliant. Wish them all Happy Women's Day.	0
what do you think  about  equitas  holding?	0
CASH- LESS...That is Modi's dream.Don't tell me that he has achieved it so faast !!..I don't quite trust the Russian diplomat?!!!!	1
I the best foreign minister ever till now india	0
You should also be made the director of FTII's film making wing😂😂😂	0
I think congress will disappear from Indian politics in next few years..	1
Hafiz Saeed will be the next Prime Minister Of India	0
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
Do the talks over technology like video conferencing and so on	0
Hi Sonia .. i was waiting for you.. u r looking beautiful as always..	0
what about     gvk  p&infra and      rolta india  for medium purpose	0
Please type Amen! If you ignore you won't be able to book or test drive this bike 😝😝	1
"We like your initiative step but we r not your party fans or your, we r optimistic and we r expecting atleast something good to be done for Indian people. Message for other people who hate him: Don't go by party or religion, you r all educated, you may not support him but atleast do not make negative comments, please respect his decission and thoughts towards curruption less and developed India.. Jai Hind.."	1
Where is the black money? Y r u not naming n shaming the ppl whose money was found now?	1
Lenin J Thomas A good question. May be they are happy to get killed by secularists.	0
Set some clear cut time for this facebook live......  I don't want to miss that	0
"#Parthasarkar. Ok Then some more criminals come in politics after 10  , 20 yrs,  If some 1 accuse would u say the same story"	1
"Here in America, we can say whatever we want..... even rubbish. It's one of our guaranteed freedoms."	0
"time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji"	1
Credit goes to Tarun Vijay	0
This is modhi's planed to reduced bank NPA not a black money	1
"jokes are made very seriously , this is indian way of doing business -fear of uncertainty"	0
You r right meera that being whatever you want is your choice ...The same way many women feel that working at office and fulfilling their dreams makes them happy ...Not every one is happy being a home maker ...And not every one is happy being a working mother so it depends on circumstances and choices we want for better life	1
What ur view on textile stock . Is its next Apple from india .	0
BJP's Yogi Adityanath has been chosen as the next Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh. WOW😀😀😀😀	0
Right buddy but who will tell these ill minded people who is always discriminating on the religion base and always trying to show low to others religion even i am a hindu but if anyone dares to speak a single cuss about other religion i can't tolerate..... hope so people respect each others religion.	1
Agreed . Check Hollywood movies and you will find the difference.	0
"Its called #Beef_strike :D.  ban cow slaughter now Pakistani army will eat you."	1
Do you know whether i did or not? Buttwipe	1
This news will be valueless..  (He could mentioned in Our dream..)😏	1
Vermula karthik i am living proof of a malayali hindu eating beef... :)	1
"Who is Mr Suhail Seth to comment upon it,  I mean he is from advertising agency and he should do his work. I dont think he is the right person to be called to comment in this matter."	0
She has money therefore she has  choices.	1
Why doesn't he give up CM post if he wishes to continue as convener	0
"anna ji had taken the right decision,now we can see the real face of kejriwal."	0
we know history.Don't think us fool.We know what kind of friend you are and why you creat civil war and gives us arms.So don't act  here bro.	1
"Well guys ,,,,The government is our Servants,,,,they all have to provide us the security,,,becuz we are the boss ,,,and Delhi police is our Servant.....Now we dont need them just get out from our Delhi We would like to terminate Sonia,Shiela,Manmohan,,,and all criminical Politicians,,,,Sply Sonia she is running lot of buissness in delhi and she have huge property in delhi,,,,,All details will be disscuss soon..."	1
"Like McDowell number one SODA, bajaj releases dominar, sound track for the holiday season"	1
Because you all ready in BJP	0
"Sir, Law and order and Police in Delhi. is under the control of your govt"	0
Yeah I was infact wondering if she even understands what neo feminism is all about . I doubt if she understands the concept completely.  Having said that I also feel there is too much scrutiny she is being subjected to. I don't understand why is everone obsessing over her so much .Leaving her alone probably would be the right thing to do ?	1
after the rate cut v usually see realty stocks rally but there was no reaction on thod a counters any bite on that	0
The father of all surgical strike is in the offing please please please wait for sometime. Don't go away. Have patience.	1
"It is individual choice of being working mother or not working mother, no one has right to put forth their opinion on others. it is not a competition , rather it is justice to the talent of multi tasking which is not her cup of tea look like."	1
Is this launching of a bike or thronging of a princem	1
Biggest ever BJP less with the blessings of MODIJI'S ceaseless efforts in the interest of India under the Premiership of Top Economist Dr Manmohan Singh to restore broken economic growth and strengthen rupee against dollar. Thanks BJP PREMIER	1
True women are the backbone of Indian society	0
Not even 0.5% of population have black money as cash...this is just an advertising campign with people hard earned money...making no value to currency.... who knows what next government will do	0
We are currently constructing 22 kms/day of roads: Nitin Gadkari	0
"SELL TATAMOTORS AROUND 450 TARGET : 440 TARGET2 : 428 SL : 459"	0
Vvip category ki privileges milti. Par main aaram se tuo nahi baithta. Tum jaison ko UP se ukhad fainkta jaisa UP valon ne bhi  kia hai iss election main. Par why i m calling it as lucarative career? Because still our so many brothers and sisters will come and stand with you blindly.....even after knowing your truth.	1
Baba RUMdev is the PM candidate	1
Make more solar power plants in our country that's good...because that's green india....	0
Or buy this bike and go to graveyard directly. That's the message	1
There are many companies are performing well and we can close our eyes and invest on. So its not good to point one	0
Who care about your believe. It's true	1
Please attack Pakistan massively in the same manner the way they love to do so	1
"Eye for eye is not the answer. I hope sanity prevails."	0
u r still in the dark age... God only knows when renaissance will give you it's blessing	1
This applies on everyone I am a Hindu and I get irritated by both bhajans and Azan.. Forced imposition of your faith..	1
"And that is after increasing fares, reduction in quality service due to increase in corruption. Prabhu - Please bless railways."	0
It is not wise to take any decision too early. Seeing global market investments  wait till the end of this day trends shall up rise. All the best.	0
China wants a market to sell their goods. Not to purchase anything from there.	0
Good ... they deserve  ... simply doing March for  publicity ... ....	1
"Pls Trump make a wall so that we can have our own Google, Microsoft etc, all our workforce that is contributing to your GDP and then we will talk big."	1
"Great india and love for cricket can only make this happen,,,"	0
Hedge funds prey on instability.  So it's better we have more pe funds instead.  But for that to happen we need a credible banker	0
Modi ji's elevation too was so ominous that some sickulars and antidemocratic individuals declared that they would leave the country if he becomes PM! Same black forces are now chanting the same mantras oblivious of the fact that this is 21st century and people can differentiate between chalk and cheese!	1
Kejriwal should resign immediately. .if he has some dignity left	1
I think modi also doing this in Gujrat but theyear given never come same is here only publicity nothing else if anybody want to know see which year he gave same proposal	1
Universal Basic Income Scheme starts becoming interesting in these times: CEA	0
"Leave alone the passengers inside? Seriously, who is the editor for the Social media news here? Please, ask him to go back to basic grammar again!!"	0
who is the father of genetics can you answer me cnbc tv 18 ? ....	0
Eric Lopez when did I say I supported terror. The FACT is all of the region was once Hindu/Buddhist then Islam invaded and either killed or enslaved. Islam brings no good to any. No. Name a Single benefit it offers.	1
It's good time for UP.Let he m go to hell	1
"How can a country like India have same ratings as South Africa and Greece,  seems all ratings agencies support developed countries only,  it's ridiculous."	0
"Thanks for acknowledging, I'm a Chelsea fan though so I'm happier than you too! :)"	0
"Well done modi :-/ oops... I'm tried waking up early and standing for cash out the atm,  hungry all day, off to slp gn sd :-D  ;-)  :-))"	0
PM Narendra Modi is man of wisdom and civilized leader.	0
If procreation is immoral our existence is based on the very foundations of that immorality...	1
BJP sees ‘TMC conspiracy’; CID says didn’t make public accused whereabouts in Nepal deliberately	1
had Indian prestitutes  focussed on Zaira Khan Dungal girl who is facing such embrassing situation.  had they debated on W.Bengal Moulvi serving Fatwas  instead being International Champions of equality.Donald Trump has probably made remarks against Media keeping in mind Indian Prestitutes.	1
"Good one .  Nice to see this missing....the views expressed here ............and the channel do not subscribe to the views of the author.."	0
"Shivshankar Thakur They have nothing to show,these r low life scums with neither knowledge of history nor any capablity to see stark failures of communism, and dont even get me started on their economic insight a retard has more economic literacy then any commie commenting here. They love china, I think we shud disenfranchise them and send them to china or maybe tibet would be fun watching them die at hands of Peoples army eternal bliss."	1
Market is going down as there is no trigger for upside left.demonitazion will have its casualties	0
"Pak seems to deliberately invite Indian Army for a surgical strike to trap our SF . The recent incessant provocation is part of a preplanned trap, to let down us globally. Indian Army Chief must be cautious to undertake yet another  surgical strikes. Strikes r must ...but execute the way beyond their expectations..Of course we can....."	0
How is it going to compete with RE in terms of design😕	0
What did Congress do for 70 yrs. At least appreciate our pm he has shown in 2.5 yrs	1
Effects of demonetization will be clear in coming 6 months but the implementation was very poor	1
"All loud speakers should be disallowed- whatever religion. I personally find temple bells, Azaan and church bells very soothing in the morning if in tune - else no:)"	1
"A whole lot of hot air which says nothing, but simply aimed at getting him eyeballs coverage. Don't forget he was stupid enough to join AAP !!"	1
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
"Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed randian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were bc Lundian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone? 😂"	1
height of stupidity.. respecting an animal but disrespecting a lady woww!!!!fights on what to eat n what not to.. put Kajol in jail she should eat according to indian law	1
Now who will clean the toilets and collect the Garbage from Roads....If Kuwait ban the Pakistani.	1
Shame on him He shows the mentality of congress who has ruined the country	1
"Dear PM, hope you'll achieve the same. But you're going too fast and we expect you deliver it as well."	1
How  does Modi and you all care soo deeply about a lady when it comes to Triple Talaq in India and not a single word comes out of Modis mouth when it comes to Ladies getting raped in India on daily basis. YOU ALL MUST HAVE A HIDDEN AGENDA!	1
What is plain and simple is: people of Goa rejected you and you imposed yourself on them by buying/luring a few turncoats who also betrayed people who voted for them for their standing against the ruling party. That is unethical by any yardstick!	1
Modiji if you can make from your mother a net. Transaction or mobile payment we can understand your saying as we also have mother they don't have security to do paymnet by net or mobile	1
world wants a extinguisher for the fire created yesterday ...	0
I want to send some bangles to all BJP leaders including Natendra Modi...!	1
"Kamin . Wait when ur heads will be cut then u say all this dunce."	1
For generations to come History will remember this decision of NAMO	0
"These domain can buy at $8.,and any one can made website...."	0
I think anna is bjp agent.he never said aganest bjp	1
"Indian stock valuations seems over valued needs downward correction, earnings growth will remain subdued --- manufacturing sector is stagnant, service sector growth is slowing declining, agriculture sector is a disaster, --- besides unemployment is at record high therefore no chance of consumption picking up, chances of below normal monsoon,"	0
Beef is eaten by  members of all communities in Kerala.Their numbers may vary. The choice food is the individual preference . No organisation has the right to interfere in that.	1
Dont call him fahad. Call him pig born from sh*t hole from his mom...	1
For a farmer if he had saved the money for his daughter marriage then how he will convert all his currency?	0
Ohh really what about non tribals being treated as dogs in notheast especially bhiaries etc	1
Request Mr Pawan Khera to wait for his turn and he should not politicise such a serious matter just for scoring numbers. For a long time his party was in power.	1
say something sensible... wrong analogies does not make any sense.	1
Its going into owners pocket...make compulsion of paying to staff working	0
R yu in ur dreams.. yu have lost 3 wars from us lol.. even our ambani can buy ur full pakistan	1
Sir middle class businessman; middle class family ke liye bhi soche. We have supported you from our heart and soul. But people are loosing hope in u. U are looking towards corporates; farmers; BPL people. But what bout middle class families.	0
Stupid traders - keep shopping carts for people to carry stuff to their car; Anyway Delhi has its more than fair share of fatso Bhai saabs and behenjis....at least the walking will help.	0
Indian express will b the congress in media industry	1
"Definitely commuter need be cautious while driving on this bridge, very first contractor suppose to provide 100 yr performance guaranty, media should publish who is contractor and Government should put permanent ban him from doing such mishaps."	1
wr proud to b a Muslim and we hv proud on it too that we are Indian	0
"Naveed shahid, such victories are to be seen as a lesson for Pakistan to stop roguery and twisting the truth... we are not gleeful, we are sombre in our victory and just wish to bring our innocent countryman back unharmed.."	1
"Mr. Sathya ............. your history's knowledge is EITHER ASATHYA OR MITHYA, either study history without wearing glasses of bias, or else do visit a doctor for psychiatric therapy ..........."	1
^then you should get 14 injections	1
Is it a surgical strike ....Lol That was cowardness by pak.	1
Just Two school student Fights and this Prestitute naming it Communal...!!!	1
He should retire gracefully he was fast in Marrying second time	1
He turning out into a cheap joke. Trying desperately to remain in the limelight.	1
"☕ Bot🐮 Powered🐹 By🐒 Prince😤 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed 😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 comment Late  38 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
Dr. Subramanian Swami is one of those politicians who has strong will power and expert in taking good decision. Therefore he must be appointed home minister instead of Rajnath Singh in the favour of the country!!!!!!	0
"As Mr Nandan Nilekani said, this will usher in digital economy at a rapid pace. He said that what would have taken six years may happen now in six months."	1
"Mr Sanchong, I am surprised that you are not taken aback by insensitive and gross attitude of warden...wonder if you approve of the action taken, provided published news is true."	1
"Yes, we all know the cost to buy MLA."	1
Far better than your pinarai Vijayan  who is fooling people of Kerala.	1
Does Saudi allow to do Hindus rituals? So does India?	1
In My location not even a single Atm calibrated for new currency.	0
I'm sure they get laid good and can easily get a govt job after they retire and then there are those who make money by selling alcohol and other cheap canteen stuff at high prices. Based on performance they get medals too!	0
"Our fake claims knows ur killed aatankwadi ...  Who has been reached to 72 hoor"	1
"Surgical strike is one type of piles operation, Doctor says it's done successfully but patient want to keep it secret."	1
"Saif Ali  just trying to defame Modiji , #haters"	1
Y didn't u ignore his tweet instead of making a mess now 🤔 u urself don't follow ur ideas	1
Dont care about papu n party... carry on sir ji	1
"Good achievements to Rajan, Bad to Modi, but reality it should go to Modi govt."	1
"Guys, stop putting religion between hatters of Modi, this is congress fan , so just treat him like that ways"	1
"only speaking does not help, no benefit for taxpayers, fooling citizens from past 3 years without development. A lot of false promises. why are not government schools improved?"	0
Yes India is proved it is ruled by swamies and not the ones who should.	1
"Unlike Sonam Kapoor , Aishwarya Rai, andother celebs who endrose fairness creams, hair products which inly damage your hair in the end, She is in an advt that will eventually save many from catching STDs and unwanted pregnancies. Where is immorality? Time to ponder."	1
CA Kiran K Komaravolu It is expected from PM that many many emotional and rhetoric speeches have been delivered and subjects have been deliberately changed and now please PERFORM.	1
Isnt it's her choice to work or not? She and only should decide what best for her not others	1
Already you have joined BJP.	1
Proud of you @PM modi sir.....we never had PM like you....keep it up sir....we all with you...	0
Aban Khan see we have something common still you guys tease Hindu and called us kaafir	0
Can any organization focus on @ agriculture practice with way.  If possible connect with current scenario. Like real time weather information and best practices with local condition for farmer.	0
I think cnbc shld tag dis meme to all real estate MDs.	0
"Hi Anuj, jet airways dropped to 52 week low and bouncing back. whats ur view. is the momentum is strong bull run"	0
Unfortunately this is wat indian govt is capable of doing!!!!...i dint vote for modiji to see such crap..	1
Everyone riding this bike will soon turn into Ghosts. That's the message from Launch ceremony.	1
"Rajit Raja China aint communist now, only aperson with ZERO knowledge of economics will categorise it as communist."	1
When some dumb Hindhu people will know the worst theory of politics of Bjp and Rss	1
instead of showering on medalist..they could use the money to cure the curse of unemployment	0
"The ""reason"" behind the loss in UP is very easy to explain. Pimp Shriman Pappu Maharaj riding bicycle 🚲 with Akhilesh had flat tires . It could not therefore meet their constituents waiting for free laptops and iPhone."	1
Never allow one to define you...never follow anyone blindly......usually alone people only changed the world ....look all great inventions....... ..history is replete with such instances......	0
Don't mislead people..... I hate I have voted for you......	1
"What about NSE, is downfall still there or will give bounce"	0
"Why is this man targetting only one man---Kejriwal?? More he'll bark against Kejri,  more popular Kejri will become.. Both Anna and Kejri are trying to show audience the drama resemble to that of 'Yadav family' of UP, have dispute among themselves.. They might have forgotten the result of UP general election.."	1
I havn't seen this much boring launch ever in ma life	1
"This applies to all religions, sir."	1
At least try to respect serving president. If don't get then learn from you parents	1
Neither pakistan is a ideal country nor doggy singh is ideal leader.....	1
"Please please please.... I need huge amount to survive.... Please help me 4,00,000..."	0
"He didn't say anything wrong. What if there a Mandir in muslim majority area, will they able to tolerate bhajans like recently happened in bengal ? No. So, either ban loudspeakers from every religious place so that religious people pray to God without disturbing others. You looks more selective in your codswallop comment."	1
"Lol, which judiciary put a stay? Pakistani juditiary showed that they are not corrupt like the indian juditiary! I bet if were a pakistani in india than he would be found guilty before his case would be presented in court!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂"	1
"Post of pramit chatterji SHARED When the corruption keeps happening in broad daylight, nobody panics because it is part of the plan and part of the system. One move against it, and everybody loses their minds."	1
Surprising to come from a man who constantly ditched those very friends who were instrumental in his success...	1
Every religion should stop using loudspeakers	1
"in collecting this money of which 90% will be legal white, 3 lakh crore worth man days were wasted.. That's why this country is great.. Here one junk Yoga guru becomes economic advisor...!!!!"	0
samsung space shuttle lost in galaxy note 7 ......reporting from nasa	0
"Where did he personally attack AK he has chosen name if Modiji, AK, Rahul etc."	0
How about govt helping farmers affected by the severe drought? Has the PM even met them agitations about their plight for the past one month in Delhi? He's short term easy solution obliterates the bigger problems  facing country	1
"Not only black money will get affected  Rupee gets better when it starts rotating in the economy  Hawala business stopped now And like this so many"	1
Great Post  :* Indian Express	0
Ambulance is only 4 Cow thts the way Yogi sarkar govern in UP animal is mor value thn human being thy keep thinking on animal bas law not 4 human being developmnt	1
You very well understand the essence of my question. I am asking you if murdering people on allegations a right way of dispensing justice. You still haven't answered.	0
"all parties should come together to resist evil force that is bjp....  I m waiting for the day when some other party will rule India and will ban rss and all other terrorist groups like rss.."	1
"It is the culture of Pakisthan to destroy temples of other religion, hence, all Hindusthanis will hate Pakisthan. No religion says to destroy temples."	1
$56 billion or $56 million How stupid are people at NDTV Even the richest person in the world don't have $56 billion in cash to buy a home	1
"Sir,  please exempt  IT DEDUCTION from pensioners. They are incurring 50 percent PENSION for medical expenses.  With the balance amount , they are struggling for food etc. This is real."	0
Police is not safe in UP. Army should form police safety squad to save UP police.	1
"Make on line balance sheet ..like white paper so that grey areas can be eliminated  Col lamba"	0
If bunch of jokers have to select Time Person of The Year then why the hell you paid media people conduct reader’s poll?	1
Anna is hard core RSS member	1
I hate both loud speakers whether played by Hindu or Muslim😣.	1
"Can bank nifty move 400 points more, any side ?"	0
First bring the money from the Political parties who do not pay any taxes DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH MONEY HAS BEEN CHANGED BY THE POLITICAL PARTY FROM 8TH NOVEMBER 2016 TILL DATE PLEASE PUT IT IN THE MEDIA	1
I would like to invest 50k plz suggest....is it rt time	0
Shirish Kunder's tweet may have come as a reply to Chetan Bhagat's statement.	0
"What is your money and my money? Who will pay for d building, salary of bank staff,elect etc ? Indian express?"	1
"please advice about Bank nifty, & what about NPA for PSU ?"	0
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
Because it is paid for that. Bjp has no development agenda so...	1
"Muslims and Islamic followers are eating away Hindu's and  Hinduism followers tax money, depriving basic amenities, they breed like rabbits and rats to eat freely our economy, and then abuse our nation, without contribution, if we ask ask contribution Allah o Akbar Then nothing will be there except blood, seeing the Muslims participation in abuse, it is really pathetic of majority population"	1
Nice decion but middle class people are very difficult condition	0
Change in Government doesn't bring change in the plight of law and order in my province.	1
"Modisir you are doing a great job, ignore apposition and some narrow minded selfish  people."	1
"When all this happened We have full sympathy for Sunil Grover.But now he is showing too much attitude. One thing must be noticed. Kapil Sharma had given full opportunities him during in his show.Mr Gulati had got much and much time on stage.credit must be given to Mr Kapil to give full chances to present Sunil,s talent. Now sunil thinks that he was God of this show.that is too bad. Whatever Kapil had done was wrong But whatever Sunil is behaving now it is too too bad."	0
"Red beacons will be done away with for VIPs from May 1, 2017: FM"	0
Its a protest stupid  Mangalore bandh	1
Better to explain it would give competition to ktm duke.. not to royal Enfield...😂😁	0
Burnol no stock sorry try next month.	1
Karan Johar world knows you are a gay	1
we should cut kulbhushan inti pieces and throw his body parts in hindyaa	1
"country is made to bear cost of PMs election bhashans, prachar"	1
"Alot of anti Semitic on this post i see,Gods blessing upon Isreal and hell with everyone else"	1
"Ok we agree that not Appointing Lokpal is mistake and please dont bring cow to every issue It is the same Supreme court that has asked the Central Governement Abt the ideas it has to protect all the cattle goverenment suggested AADHAAR (being unique Identity)  If u have a better idea file A PIL in Supreme Court and let supreme court suggest the GOV your method so that it can follow (Y)"	1
please comment on rain industry  regarding today stellar result	0
When you are roaming in a Big Developed City and You walk for 500 meters and there are no public Toilets in that City.....What is your Opinion on that Developed City of India?????	1
"#ExpressOpinion The Congress alliance, which receives maximum Muslim electoral support at the all-India level, interestingly, managed only 11 per cent Muslim votes in UP."	1
Doctors must justify why a Rs 90 drug is prescribed when a Rs 1 drug is available: IMA President	0
"Central government is spending crores of rupees in j&k for the last 70 years but this is nonsense, go-ahead and clean it."	1
Oye porky we know who you really are. You dirty porkistani hiding behind the fake ID	1
"The main problem of this county is media, especially news channels. All channels belongs to any political party and today we are not able to watch any news on news channels because they are pets of political parties"	1
"dengue , malaria , chicken gunya , encephalitis govt spends 10,000 crore .......from pest management for nano technology mosquitos"	1
"Stop reading this paper also stop commenting on their posts ,totally ignore and boycott them"	1
never can be a competition for royal enfield. The body looks more like the FZ.	0
Israr Alam terrorist has no religion and people like you encourage such unlawful activity in our country.	1
"In graduation there is a sub.  Of Political science. If u knw thn this pist opinion poll playing very important role in terms of propaganda, to set people mind."	0
"The west (America) adores her! It's her own people here in India that's constantly hating on her.  Why can't we support her and root for her?!  She is the bees knees in Hollywood right now, and she deserves tremendous support and well wishes."	0
Gautam Gambhir said that his heart went out to the losing team Sunrisers Hyderabad.	0
"After Kiran Bedi, Kapil Mishra will be the CM candidate of BJP in next assembly election."	0
Black money is not a cash money you idiots ... it is the money in swiss banks ... they don't use 500 rupee 1000 rupee	1
"Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?"	1
Mr Agarwal if you are an investor how many decision or calls you will take in a year	0
Nifty support & resistance levels.. looks weak or expect a bounce back??	0
Gold and diamond never required quality certificate --->you old nut -Ben...frank..R.I.P( Rest in peace )	1
It's good prices are going down ... will gold crash further ?	0
Azaan aur Namaaz aur Prayer everything happens at its time. You should do your time management rather than targeting any religion..	1
"Nice joke by our respected president. There is poison content in the roots of tree called India.Unless that content is removed, we can expect happiness only in words not in reality."	1
"Why so, you need lakh of Rs to have descent dinner. Don't you people use cards or don't know how to use cards. Idiots!"	1
Whether this the best time to invest in yes bank..	0
Can we withdraw 100 rs & 500 rs notes there?	0
Opposition Parties hv only ONE AGENDA that Modi should not b allowed 2 work. They r trying thr best 2 incite people agnst Govt.	1
Sycophancy is the order of the day	1
Thanks to Trump and all racists😣	1
you mean confusing DeMo to confuse the nation left him confused .	1
Sandeep Bhardwaj What you miss out are the changes brought out in the original draft of GST for acceptance by all party. Congress was trying to shove it down the throats their draft proposal without discussion.	0
"Visakhapatnam: 1 Dead, 4 Injured After School Bus Barges Into Children’s Park"	0
Hello Sonia view on liquor stocks as goverment highway licence news	0
Congratulation to every person  who work for Bjp's  Winning	0
What do u thnk??? Now its a lost battle for u my dear...if u follow the order - yes u have lost and if you dont follow then we know how to make it a diplomatic victory.... u just wait n watch😂	1
"Has he become just another Markandey Kataju? Giving statements after statements only for TRP.  Where are his genuine supporters?  Where is 'HIS' Janlokpal Aandolan?  . By now he should have learned that people support AK more than him because everyone knows in India nothing can be changed without power."	1
pakistan produces only poop that china need ... ha ha😁😁😁😁😂😂	0
Although I am a supporter of Modi but this time Congress told the right thing..	0
"Despite fare increases, Dynamic pricing !"	1
"The biggest disservice to the nation by Anna Ji was promoting  Kuljiwal. For his mistake he must observe one day fast at Jantarmantar and seek pardon from Delhites"	1
Nice illumination can do nothing but nice morality can do everything!	0
"Surbhi Srivastava super fool like you try hard in every thing else, as beauty is not a fimiliar word for you."	1
"Dear anna, u have already given greatest gift in the form of AK to this country... now again u have started to hog the limelight... Pls spare us all by disappearing somewhere..."	1
A-BHVO-18913801-291116 DT 29th order canceled not refunded till now kindly do refund and share the bank ref no.	0
to some extent she is right	0
Do you sense nifty sliding down tomorrow as well ahead of expiry?	0
People having no brains do not understand this man.. he is the only hope for India... guys wake up!!!	1
"Or may be, for once, you should look into how real this news really is. Your media is pushing you towards a war the end of which will not be pretty for anyone."	1
Sirish Bundar is very intelligent .. no wonder SRK had to slap some sense into him	1
Move is gud but pl ensure atm has sufficient cash.	1
This is never a competition for Royal Enfield. Royal Enfield is Royal.	0
without take army any bank vehicle would loot by arabi muslims attacker occupied kashmir	1
"Last month, Tata Sons had called for an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) to remove Mistry from its board."	0
One more down the drain!	1
how to make cnbc tv 18 no.1 channel ....30 days course for rajdeep	0
What about oh my god	0
Bcz we have worst RM ever	1
"Hey dreamcatcher govt... Just look as to what's happening at the border I.e., LOC. Innumerous soldiers are being martyred every now and then. Stop all this nonsense of feeding milk and water and posting crap on social media and take a resolution or a God's sake plan to step up and do something rightful in need for our brave soldiers who died trying to save our country while we are too much busy doing nothing. Thanks.  Sincerely, An indian"	1
No Bjp's can  step in to our Kerala even modi will get slippers there if he again tries to visit Kerala 😂😂😂😂 that modi paramanaaari call our state Somalia bcos he was not given bra to wear😂😂😂😂 wlc modi dare to step in Kerala again😉😉😉😉	1
Any suggestions on banking stocks for next 2-3 months considering increased bank deposits	0
Irony is after beating badly a 60 yr old man he isn't arrested by law of land.	1
Everything that ever happens with With Modi it is always the first time ever in history. Guess he makes history every time he opens his mouth.	1
"Wipro IT services $ revenue up 2.7% at $1,954.6 m vs $1902.8 m (QoQ)"	0
"The content u wrote describe ur frustration towards his tweets.. becoz u too know that imposing or forcing electronic sounds in early morning, Shud be deeply condemned.. bt u don't want to face the reality.."	1
Pakistan has not accepted ICJ like india did in 1999	1
It's better he has taken honorable exit and given chance to govt to save face	0
Thanks but what about the politicians   Big industrialist etc.  why target poor people needs to give explain. First check on them	0
Amanatullah khan has already received his bag of goodies.. He is on his way to join the ruling bandwagon like sazia ilmi did...expect more muck to fly.	0
Jai Voiceindia Remove them who r responsible .. In Govt In System In Society .. Never give support them at any cost .. I promise to DAMINI can you..	1
This is apparently not mainstream feminism. It may be your version of feminism.	1
Haaaaaa no mandir exist there in Kashmir you guys have destroyed it all.	1
U guys should teach ur children the importance of nation alongwid religion.....	1
Greatest leader we ever got!! Take pledge not to allow political parties snatch him away from us.	0
Ram NATH ji Goenka must be feeling shame on his successors...	1
He feels sad without BJP or Lotus.	1
why we should wait for 2022 why not issuing loan to poor family	1
Nobody have insulted ur Hindu god its jyst hypocrasy shown in the film. Problem is not in the movie but a hatred towards Amir khan	1
There are many people who are dumb enuf to undrstand dese things	1
Who is the host?She just says something which is cluttered all over and does not make sense!	0
She had the guts to speak nothing but the truth. Karan an eye opener.	0
"Charge us for the rain,air,oxygen and for our soul...Jai Ho...."	1
If bank rate cut can't move  market what else will ?	0
"I always so agree your comment. But one questions are alive my mind  if no one are present, then who will give value myself."	0
"sir they are professional in dividing people they paid for it they all are pakistani isi agent"	1
Nonsense. Pothu curry and pashu Curry are both eaten extensively...	1
"He shouldn't be in AAP, his politics is suspect I have always seen him as being on the right of the ideological spectrum.  He should be expelled before he one fine  day jumps ship, yes it will be controversial it will lead to bad publicity but AAP can pull together and be more coherent as a party without people whose natural home appears to be the BJP.  I find his views appalling and am absolutely aghast as to why he is in AAP."	1
Difficult to say who is right and who is wrong	0
"Sir, Communist against nationalism everybody knows it in India."	1
A lawyer who never won a election became FM of India with no knowledge of economics . what can you expect from him.	1
May god give u long life.. so that I can live peacefully	0
Gujratis have always been ill treating their fellow state people just because they are of different faith.  Now see how people r justifying this by remembering kashmir. What a sick minded people.	1
BS3 Commercial Vehicle inventory will be higher than passenger vehicles: Pawan Goenka	0
My assumption is there is breakdown and i feel we might see February levels. considering FII out flows and demonetization. What is your view?	0
"""Massive win"" My 7 year old nephew has better vocabulary than your staff posting nonsense on social media😅 What's wrong with you guys?"	1
future Of Nifty in Option Can I Short 8300 put	0
Fascist order by fascist government...!!	1
"Ok so not using condom is moral, right? No problem if the population increases.😡"	1
Plz look into education problem that rural children's are facing.	1
It's between the devil and the deep blue sea.....Communalism or corruption... ? I	0
One more good news by RBI  (y) for the people of the Nation .	0
"rajdeep enterprises , rajdeep ltd , raj deep foundation , rajdeep public limited  ....so rajdeep you want to see this ......tell you one thing you are not even fit to sell samosa .................lease this comment for 30 years"	0
As these politicians are incapable of taking a appropriate decision I humbly request all the three heads of our forces to request the President to give them the authority to take appropriate action to  retaliate and give justice to our brave hearts.	1
This statement does not justify murder..	0
He Congress is the fourth corrupted country of the world	1
"Akhilesh govt initiated mega projects like the Agra-Lucknow Expressway and Lucknow Metro, which were not part of the manifesto, while a few of the promises were partially fulfilled, many were not."	1
Only those who support terrorits!! Dont mix up	0
Loss of our soldiers is a national loss.The protectors r killed n the killers stand protected.We r worried how far the nation will bear such burden of songs without substance.	1
I just hate her. 😑	1
"Idiot, how dare you to call the CM a Goon? Mind your language and try to live like a normal human."	1
"Constitution has taken care of all aspects, bigots talk like this, if rulers of Rajas had thought, things would have different, humanity is Supreme, faith is personal, before 1947, there were more than 500 Riyasaths under Rajas and Nawabs, State of India was formed in 1947, uniting all small Rajas, diversity of India is strength of our country. So many people follow different ways of living, no problem,"	0
So when i say india is more closer to Arabic world... Right wing u better open ur mind!!	1
These people should be socially boycotted. Even chairman of their association is thief. In fact they r dacaoits	1
Atleast justice brought to the families whose kids were killed and dumped .....	0
Can markets crash an tumble or not it we should go bullish	0
Plot twist : sorry this is not a bike. This is a movie about the bike	1
I want all 3 of them bt only those player will be selected who will shake their tail in front ko kohili..	1
"Its really good to appreciate and giving that much amount by the government and various other supporters to these winners but we should not forget to encourage and support financially for all those participants specially at the time of training so that we can hope for more medals, not just to satisfy for one or two....."	0
"Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?"	1
"Mr.Pawar- Pakistan is terrorist but India ?? What they have continuing violated humanity's, killed innocent people's.Still you telling the world that India is civilized .But I have liked Mohatma Gandi, Shammi Bibakannoda & their activities.As because they were prominent for their humanity. But not respect Modi."	1
"Many youngsters, irrespective of their religion, are frustrated with the system that fails them all the time from having a hope or growth, so if they find any outlet to release their energy they don't think twice. Disintegration amony communities also a leading cause for violence"	1
"Dear India,  stop playing with the emotions of your people for votes."	1
With just agriculture we can live and die our entire lifetime	0
Well india being pakistani i truly support this act of pakistan govt to make ur 8 pieces	1
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
Tiger is alwayz right.....  proud to be gujju modiji  ....  u r  d  gretttt....	1
Superpower Pakistan.. you guys dont know just because of your one sided media..	0
"These stupid gau rakshaks need a kick where it hurts. Keep Kerala sane and free from such uncouth people who have infested Hinduism with their hate."	1
"Sukma naxal attack: Irked by entourage bursting crackers, family of CRPF jawan Sher Mohammed refuses to meet BJP MLA V Solanki"	0
but ur actions are totally against ur statement.	0
"Speculations, you earn on this.... Lets not waste our time in those.  Instead just keep it like this if you have unconfirmed reports: the army has not disclosed anything on this matter, for strategic and security reasons."	0
What happens if GST doesn't go through. Will it affect the whole market or only the logistics stocks?.	0
You have got already by ISIS and Pakis. You are nothing but pigs.Leave our country and go to porkistan.	1
If someone knows the name of this fellow it is only because of kapil Sharna show	1
"Every political parties sheltering criminals and BJP is not an exception. Since BJP is in power, they know only taking action against opponents, and don't think any other party in power would have taken the revenge like BJP."	1
"Wow, seems like money is pouring in from all directions.......  Just thinking about the soldier's who die fighting for us at our border......how much they get for their service to the nation......."	0
Then why such a Tweet.	1
We have followed the notification & not done any stock up of BS3 inventory: Pawan Goenka	0
That will soon happen when china will be depend on Pakistan. Supporting Pakistan means end of humanity	1
Is  Digvijaya is Indian or Pakistani. Always he talks rubbish	1
"Ajay Thomas BJP already have got footstep in kerala.....and its not because of RSS or hindutva......but because of hypocrisy and pseudo secularism of minorities and venomous tongue of self-proclaimed seculars  Few years back...BJP didn't even had a panchayat member....now they have municipality , MLA , panchayats and even 2nd position in TVM corporation under them.....and they won all that election because of pseudo secular dogs of kerala"	1
"A good article n very apt... Mr Karan Johar's late reaction to that article does indicate that, at that time he was taken aback..... Secondly, he didn't do any favour on anybody by "" allowing "" to air that particular show....because by editing any portion...the episode  would have been a total flop......aka Kapil Sharma episode.... And yes as Kangana rightly said you do put words into your guest's mouth...... You have reduced Koffee With Karan to a ridiculously flippant show."	1
"This is a completely NON ISLAMIC act of Pakistan it is HARAAM and against SHARIAH ,, whoever did this is not a real Musalman"	1
Sahil it wont b surpsng u cuntry lets hafez sayed roam freely on whom un has put a bounty n usin the d sm stage ur pm says burhan wani was a peace lovin leadr kild by  IA	1
Vivek Namdeo why don't you go and ask mr. modi who compared our Kerala to Somalia...😏😏😏	0
Always compare and disrespect another person's achievements... well done lad...	1
I think he is not even aware of who is Mr. Shunglu	0
"People have to come & go, it's their own prerogative, let's take both events positively."	0
"We wish you a year of prosperity, happiness and good health. Happy Diwali! :) :D"	0
"Kangna Ranaut has exposed ""Bai Bateejawad "" in film industry.  Kangna if steps into Direction,  would be great boon for talented artists. Definitely she could prove better director than Karan johar who is nothing more than a sycophant."	1
"I respect u but my quation is y u dont apply this why u came to the power U should apply this within 6 month Y u r waited for next 2 year's to apply this One more thing If u ppl ragainst the curruption then y u r not supportive for ""janlokpal bill"""	1
try to respect all religions mr nigam	1
Haha trying to legitimize their claim and show the world they are victims. Bloody fanatic media	1
Nothing good happen till constitution come to the under educated people.	0
it will be extremely difficult to make india a cashless economy in one go.. but you know what... as difficult it may be... it will become one day.. atleast we will push for it...	0
Maybe highway sign was written in Hindi which the driver couldn't understand... 😂😂😂😂	0
indian bike in next lvl hope for the best  (Y)	0
"Bharat Mahendru So if anyone speak against Cow is a Muslim? 😂 My Hindu friends eat cow and don't care what she is for them. They call her animal only. Apart from that Hindus kill her, slaughter her, smuggle them to Pak and Bangladesh via Assam and Kashmir with the help of BSF soldiers, kick her on roads, force them to eat plastics and garbage, let them die on roads bla bla bla bla. Isn't enough that many Hindus don't care about her? Even those who worship her?"	1
Sonu Nigam knows what he wanted to communicated in Twitter & it's well planed. But his gain will be limited rather he opened an unhealthy situation for him self.	1
"Suzlon posted good results this time, is it a turnaround story now ?  and what is near term view on it ?"	0
RSS is pro hindu dog thy r terrirts agents and telng othr innocnt people of muslium as terrirts isnt it jst undrstnd logic u guys r educate going back of modi to drink his.....	1
Bring down prices... govt.need to assess valuation of these properties...a 700sqft flat cannot be costing 80lakhs +.. consumers are shelling out lifetime savings on pig stys	1
Gopal Tripathi.there must be a ban on all noise pollution including the night long devinavaratri bhajans where sonu Nigam sells his sound pollution causing voice for money.at that time sonu Nigam and his ilk forget their devotion is other 's sound pollution. Azan lasts only 2 or 3 min.usually very few non Muslims live in the vicinity of a masjid.	1
"Riaz Mohammed, so they are not charging too much ...."	0
This is arrogance of Shivsena.	1
We are on target to have an additional 1 million POS by March 31: Electronics & IT Secy	0
Dear cnbc y u didn't include Karnataka the state in ur stupid statistics video care to explain	1
Clean energy Wind and Solar should be a number one priority - in parallel with focussing upon efficiently use all sources of power.	0
we need more like him.. bloody Kashmiris should learn from him	1
rail fare hike is first nail in Modi sarkar TABOOT..........Its ground realty..	1
I think everyone know this time core data is not good	0
I guess Rahul Gandhi or Mamta Banerjee would make India strong again....but again really they can?????	1
"If they would have got this kind of money for preparation before winning the medal, they might have won gold. Anyways i hope they make good use of this money."	0
Presenting .... Dolce' n Gabbana's 2017 spring summer's 'Curtain' collection !	0
Put him behind the bar	1
Hope they do not tax this is as well..hope Govt waives the Tax	0
"Sonia ,  EVERY  MOMENT  MIND   it ,   EVERY  MAN's   mind-operate   TWO  MOST   WANTED   CRIMINAL  STAYING   IN  ASSAM - INDIA .   SO , BE  CAREFULL  ANY   MOMENT .  GLOBALISATION'S  SCIENCE   SATELITTE   PHONE   THEM'S   WINGS.   OK ?   DON'T   WORRY ,  ANY    MOMENT   I   AM  STAYING  WITH   EVERY    MEDIA   HOUSE .  OK ?"	0
"Wow! Indian Express has some serious skills. A gentle reminder to u : BJP in BMC elections: 2002 - 35 seats. 2007 - 28 seats. 2012 - 31 seats. 2017 - 81 seats. Now tell, who's becoming the tiger of Mumbai? 😉"	1
"It's not about Yogi Adityanath. It's about biased media. You should read my reply again. Also, if you Google about what you are saying you will see some follower of his said that. And a follower doesn't define a person.   Having said that, I am not advocating Yogi, I am against paid media that's just publishing random speculation instead of solid well researched news."	1
Heheheh how can you suppose that they care about their image? They (Pakistani) are heading toward to sell whole nation to China in the name of CPEC.	1
"What is going on in Infosys, Midcap IT is marching ahead why Infosys is lagging behind."	0
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
Is there a chance for bank nifty to have a rally in the coming week ?	0
Delhlities loves modi ... kejariwal always abused modi .. that's is the reason of aap party defeat .	0
"Enough of such gau Rakshaks and its sympathisers. I'm having beef right now and if i ever get a chance, I'll feed beefs to Gau Rakshaks too."	0
"Honestly, never irritated by azaan! But Ramayans that go on for days ..or normal pujas of hours put on loud speakers, or just wedding DJs are what I find disturbing. Anything for a short time, that too at a time we are obviously supposed to wake up doesn't bother me. Loud speakers, if banned, should be banned for once and all for every single event and religious ceremony! Also this etlection propaganda in Delhi these days, is very disturbing, ban that too."	1
"War is a business for politicians,innocent people loose their life while they bask in their billions. No one should die for any piece of land. Let there be peace"	0
Some light on real estate ? Why no action there...only sector that has not moved	0
We initiated a relationship between two countries here in Canada n they are developing it 😜	0
Want to know short term view on Nifty & Sun Pharma Stock ?	0
"Yes......   Fully Agreed.   Movies n Dramas of TV promotes Nudity, Eve Teasing, jealously, hatred, Superstition, Magic,extra marital affairs.."	0
"How about learning to respect each other within the country and building up a feeling of fraternity within castes, classes and creeds..?"	0
Watch the video before writing such stupid title.!!	1
"You tell us, what is motive behind his statement, what is necessary to say against any , his personal choice, he respect himself, no one even Hindu,"	1
"It depends on situation. What about your own delivery??? Do you follow this? Or just advise to others?"	0
"The people like him , that's all that matters"	0
"strange, already taking questions without any price announcements. This whole event is a colossal clusterfuck"	1
This is the well known face of islam...and they also very expert in playing victim card	1
"then every institute is overrated, including Ivy colleges."	1
"Palestine called Dave, they said ""Thank you Mr. Roberts, you are a sincere infidel and we would like to send you a years supply of Humas"""	0
If still bjp want to be in government should take strong action against Natalie.	1
The solutions kids suggest : Let's kill them and then make them love the country. *Claps*	1
comedy guy... then what the hell you did when you screw BJP with only one number	0
plz provide how much loss the country had to incur in the same tenure in all sectors.	0
In world there is all progress country not have currency more than 100	0
Yogi has some criminal records and is accused of communal speeches but lets Stop judging people by their past. We will come to know about his true colours with time.	1
It's right bro!And thankgod😏she was called at KWK otherwise this wouldn't have come in front of the crowd !XD	0
Your humility Sundar... Just amazing.. I am pretty sure that's the quality driving you to newer heights every day. I haven't seen much leaders who genuinely believe and demonstrate ToT (trust on team) stuff.	0
There should be some immediate action on builder who are doing mal practice.	0
"He is Prime minister of BJP , PM post for India is still vacant!!  90% of his speech is to tell how bad is congress which most of know by now."	1
A wise man....he foresaw d agenda of this upstart Kejriwal who stabbed his back to derail   d movement	1
If muslims continue to be anti  government we consider them as anti nationals they are welcome to go any islam country india is now called as Bharat and Hindustan no more english pronouncination on Indus as india	1
Poor step taken by you mr narwndra modi !! The intentions  might be right bt the execution was very poor	1
"You have nothing to worry about from these stupid mullahs, India is with you...pl continue with your singing...it's God's gift to you...."	1
"Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad who assaulted Air India staff member takes a train to Mumbai, after being barred by airlines"	0
Even IF there is a reconcialiation...it will be short lived.	0
Hazare is a stooge of RSS	1
Next time we don't want this idiots in opposition also	1
"Dat is, called politics it was preplaned"	1
"What do you say about this guy's..??   https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=824161424408271&substory_index=0&id=664804607010621"	1
"Weddings are once in a way functions and the music generally stops by 11 pm or before.  The loudspeakers are used round the year at worship places."	1
These udderless party should be kicked out with beef stuffed in their mouth.	1
1.36 lakhs for non abs version and 1.5 lakhs for dual channel abs	0
Azam...hazam you porkistanis keep ur gutter mouth shut	1
"mam whether sterlite technolgies ,v guard subrso will be good investment"	0
"He had his time, he did what he can! We are a billion strong don't tell me we can't find a better one to take his place!!"	0
"You make online payment for LPG; save Rs.5 but pay Bank charges varying from Rs. 7-25/-.... Instead, better to pay this amount to the delivery boys who work hard all day instead of making Banks richer because in any case, your LPG has to be delivered by your local delivery boy & can't be delivered online!!"	0
"Everyone knows highlevel corruption in MCD, but we are pigeons, always close our eyes when see .......🐱😂😁😀"	1
This guy obviously voted for Modi now let him repent at leisure	1
"She's a brave, outspoken soul. No mincing words or being overly fake on the show - she was frank and outspoken. The best part was that she didn't care to butter up KJO, knowing fully well that he is powerful in the film industry. And yes- the industry is full of relatives, friends, star kids, established models and beauty queens. Very few get a chance with big time directors like KJO just cause of their talent."	0
After 5 year it would be easy to decide...who is perfect for delhi	0
"Netas of every party are not under check. If public servants are humiliated in public view, law and order can never be established."	1
"He should be behind bars for assaukt and for refusing to deplane, just as you and I would have been if we had behaved like he did. Really mad at our system. Shiv Sena...rise to the occasion. There should be no dilemma in acting correctly"	1
Hi what is 6 moth down the line we can see nifty will reach	0
If exit polls decide the election  results then govt should stop election	1
You 18 grp work hard when your 18 grp share work hard for investors	0
Cnbc tv 18  knocks out  competion  on BUDGET  congrats	0
"Somebody received money, clearly. For what purpose, anybody can guess. 😂"	0
This is a propaganda of india just to divert the killings of kashmiris by hindu army and also killing of muslims In india by bjp thugs.this all to show turkey a pakistan brother that Indians r innocent	1
"Islam.is foolish Religious ....No....Proper respect ....in Hinduism all and respect all lord creator .... we have Large Heart not like such Stupid religious like islam who killed own brothers and rapes on sisters.......even muhammad lust about..9 yrs girl...is that islam.... Go....Read To..public vs Muhammad.... U EASLY FUND IN amazon site too..MC"	1
"You're not a political savvy ,you must be a  Bhakts religious fanatic clown . Northeastern state is fully dependent with central aide ,we support any ruling party that form government ."	0
He has also bashed temples...then why are people conveniently ignoring that part to religiously colour his argument ?!	1
Exce decision. All political parties those who are going against this and making hu and cry they should be closely monitored and they should be taken to task	0
"Stop it bajaj, show the bike for the sake of humanity"	1
Should i invest lumsup money in large cap mutual fund now?	0
'Looteras' won't do good for people.	1
One morething Would like to add  that Media should be kept out of Army Planning and implementation..	0
hope the bike does not sound like them...what a sissy!	1
"??we r against cow slaughter,so of course it will stop leather manufacturing if it happens."	0
she is brahmin so no hindu-brahmin rss organisation lynching her.	0
I mean look at that dress....it's like sweeping the dirt and everything off the floor and fashion police will give a thumbs up to anything that's weird and non-wearable for any outings.	0
"""DAMINI""  is death from her body only bt  she is living in our heart .she vll never die.she is alive forever in this world.if nw also goverment is nt taking hard and hard step it is very same for us tht we lady is the part of ths society.its means tht in india only 2 ladies r safe?"	1
This is a dirty party from top to bottom.	1
Maxwell.. if you cant see developments happening then you should just shut	1
You shouldn't negatively remark any other brand. Every brand has their own legacy and motto	1
such stupid replies are expected from swami people die he calls it collateral damage.  hope he faces the impact personally of the collateral damage.	0
A piece of advice to Indian posters replying to a post from members across the border. Pl check the profile of the Paki poster. A large number of them 70-80% are fake profiles. Ignore them. They are part of the 'cyber jihad' brigade raised by ISI. It may be the same person posting under multiple fake accounts.	0
Kamesh Sriram  Do u know how much money u have if u exchange it with the bank . The same money will be printed by RBI which it gets. U might not be able to sleep well today coz dreaming about black money will be a night mare	1
Editior is not up to the level of a National Newspaper...	0
Time for retirement or shift Pakistan to develop communist cadres there !!!	0
what is niti aayog? is it functional? or Indian institution?	0
yes they have to cope because what had they donated to their loveable minister like jindal saheb in coal block 2 G  sale to ambani chara to lalu saheb all our money which has to be collected thry tender has to pass it  thru subsidy  but that money they have donated to their love ones.	1
"Ma'roof Ahmed Khan saraswati originated from brahma itself, so how is she his daughter?"	1
Till Wat levels do u see a beneficial correction to buy in dips	0
"It's not sight, it's vision which no one has in media. Continue doing this job to get your monthly pay cheques."	0
All the Reporters and the TV news Anchors Journalists are superb knowledgeable and great questionnaires are being asked 👍👌	0
Push him out from the running train	1
Will have Jio's own tariff plans as well: Mukesh Ambani	0
"Real good one, sir please keep it like that , keep doing the right thing that whichever is better for our mother land.👏👏👏👏👏👌👌👌👌👌🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏"	0
"No other state has developed as Karnataka.. check the number of companies that are opening their over seas branch in blore.  QATAR AIRWAYS also starting local airline with base as blore...  Siddu  has got dreams to blore in his sleep....."	0
"🔥 NICE📠 PHOTO😋   🎭 GANGSTER BOT TEAM 🎭 Self Comment Site: pythons.ml"	0
"Dear Pakistani #NDTV, this are not suspected Cow Stealer, People caught them red handed. They are Stealer.  Almost all Minority Major areas in asaam are suffering by Cow stealing, every alternate day it has been happening.   Very good and brave step taken by the villagers."	0
According to HM and PM---- hum iski kari ninda karte hain!an oft repeated statement!	1
"Perfect example of ""Vridha asharam- when people can just see and repeat words which they have heard in early morning "" Indian media is using AANA JI to take only wrong or negative  comments either it's for BJP or AAP .... but would say POOR PERFORMANCE"	1
STOP debating instantly and act. Dont insult Indians any further. Taking action is not some thing is not revenge.	0
Deport her to canada sge has earned more than required in india	1
Wait and watch how those fat hands can cause ur throught an delusion	1
don't worry .. asia sound will come only after you start the machine.	1
"Sir..if this bill gives benefit to farmer then pls proceed... otherwise pls stop it. Bcs man farmer are suffering a lot....do you know how farmer are suffering with out getting right value to them crop....just think it on farmer area is less ..less farmer...less crop...less benefits....less develope... everything is less for farmer....not other... just think it sir...all employees are getting monthly salary for running his daily life but not farmer  ... think.. think"	1
Bengaluru: 3.5-Year-Old Girl Allegedly Molested By School Employee	0
Will people stop being sick from flu or accidents or heart attacks hospital stocks will do well	0
"Seriously? Have you ever watched. Decent Tamil or Malayalam movie? Actors who did some acting are the Tamil Actors! Remya Krishna, Nassar and Sathyaraj. Direction was not as good as part 1. So many animation flaws. How could the head of the golden statue float on the last scene?"	1
Certainly not a good move by BJP. He don't have any vision except giving non sense statement.	1
He is afterall a human being na. If he  was a cow we could have provided. No offence.	1
SM Krishna will hide any where	0
Spot on...but it should apply across the spectrum of religions. No one has a right to disturb anyone in the guise of religion and blaring of loudspeakers should be in conformity with the supreme court guidelines.	1
Most important in marriages a group of people hijack the road and dance on road with high volume of sound. It not only disturbs  people residing near by but also disturbs movement of traffic. It should be stopped first.	1
"Ratish Menon Now u fking blackies will tell us what to do 😂😂 ,just one thing we r coming better watch out."	1
No body want to Indian population to Suffer. But Dr. DEMONetisation is laughing when Indian population are SUFFERING.	1
We as public should teach the lesson to such politics and politician. It's shameful.	1
RIP to a brave and strong woman who braved and stood tall against all odds.	0
In all there is God and God will give justice to all Dowd was born in India in Kokan Ratnagiri district village His father was a Policeman then he joined in crinal activities and became a No One Dawn He made anti national activities agsinst INDIA He is Anti national man for India	0
Great pm ever. These shouting politicians must be thrown into dust bins. Useless.n.undeserving	0
Plz I beg u plz maintain d standard if pm .. prime minister of republic of India .. z plz  🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼	1
Views on Welspun India? Do we need to wait till Wimbledon next year for the stock to surge?	0
India is a poor country. Such costly entertainment is not required. IPL is enough for one	1
"Why digvijay Ji comments, such type comments is harmful for Congress"	1
How long u keep on giving subsidy? The cost price has 2 b recovered.	1
"Really motivating programme, congratulations to CNBC 18, and ofcourse the business ticun and legend Mukeshbhai"	0
I hate these news channels...Saale ye specify Karne ka Kya Matlab Hai k Muslim majority areas mein bhi haare....Ye saale khud bhi dharam k naam pe baatate Hain logon ko.. Saalon statistics batao.... Divisional news mat do....	1
He lost his valable respect	1
Where to tracks all data that are to be announced ?	0
Happy? I hate this corruption & modi said he would remove it but will fail. That is what I meant. The politicians & officials are corrupt to the corr. All of us suffer.Demomonetizatio will do nothing against it.	0
Good job sir but cash dispersement should have beenin a better way so that common man shall have least impact.	1
Simple....The only thing the BJP doesn't do is appeasement while the rest are more or less same	1
Why patient of only govt hospital have privilege what do pvt hospital patients do ???????	0
In my life I have not seen a leader like modijee. Hope the coming jeneration will follow him	0
Guys we must be try to us in Solar power.....	0
wha cnbc tv 18 moral discourse in the morning  ?----> do not disturb our romantic mood .....	1
"http://m.khaleejtimes.com/region/kuwait/Pakistanis-are-welcome-in-Kuwait,-says-ambassador-  Indians can be fooled easily 😂😂"	1
Dear visit lower assam and west Bengal. UP amroha and all states. You will realise why Islam Sunnism is doing world around	1
"We are sorry and sad loosing a high calibre .geniune and real man. Your land ..your service. Do wish u become FM one fine day.. still lots to offer from you for country"	0
Bjp making a reverse action..because of thier gimnick cow meat is more popular in kerala..Bjp cant do any thing in kerala.	1
any  how air india cannot make profit ......only govt have to pay the salary from people money ...but in private firm employees are questioned	0
"Please, take akshay as mastri for toilet. He will be know about work."	1
What is the view for the next few months in small cap index?	0
"Cane Shiv Sena Cadres for Hating Humanity,Love and Peace.. Bloody Talibanis!"	1
"old news ...do you guys eat old food ...go go get some hot news swiss bank swept already --clean india movement by our prime minister"	1
"Abdul Samed...Lol you think k Hebrews care if Arabs hate their language old man? BTW IT WAS AN ARAB THAT ASSISTED HITLER WITH THE FINAL SOLUTION. DONT FORGET ARABS WERE ALLIED WITH HITLER."	1
No One Has Been Able To Accuse The Central Govt Of Corruption: FM	1
128 in 20 overs ... Runrate around 6.5 ...KKR was always going to win it...Plus 48 in 6 overs is like chasing a target of 160...	0
Firest n biggest terrorist in free india waz goddse .y some try to build mandir in hi name.	1
Now where is smritiJi will she send her bangles to minister and pm .... Oh hell useless talking about everyone in govt i think they will have party today .... And smritiJi will be item number ....	1
shiva shiva shiva shiva shiva shivaya ...ecstasy of shiva .celebrating the coolest	0
"This drama of India is only for the purpose that people of India believe that in real india did the surgical strike.. Belive me man after 100 years india wouldn't able to show such bravery against pakistan."	1
Dont copy paste buddy laws we knew it very well if u have guts do it staight way. Jo go and drink cow urine and enjoy dont think to much .bloody black indian	1
This new paper reporters and editors must be smoking Pot!!	1
Jio prime members will avail New Year scheme benefits for another 12 months: Mukesh Ambani	0
This is a continuous process your keep the force young unlike press where a thirky can continue to write unless he is not declare insane by medical.professionals	1
"Yes,  idea is good...  But difficult to implement at this moment. Jandhan"	0
"Still we should know why exactly they are leaving, so that right corrections can be applied."	1
@yasir you may be also thought in school that you have won 1971 what... I am not surprised... With your knowledge :)	1
Now in UP begin barbathi🔪 🔥🔥🔥🔥💥 specially target to Muslim...	1
"Well she did look ridiculous and you guys need to hire better people to write about ""fashion"" and ""style"" ... evidently the ones writing are terrible at it.  Edit : They both looked ridiculous"	1
Kk..sir...I think ur from somalia.....its not your pinari..its our pinaraii...	1
This man should be kicked out of aap. I said this long ago.. Bjp in aap	1
best of the child labour ........award goes to cnbc tv 18...best use of young childrens as resources or promotional material	0
WoW!! CNBC-TV18 could not find a picture of an Indian Loco!!! Using Chinese Loco's...	1
well GVA/GDP new formula have revised the base year and included wholesome production data in projection of industry and service instead on relying on cso/iip.Those who doubt the GDP actually in their blind hate for modi doubting themselves as their father/mothers.Too bad self hating syndrome is on rise .	1
It makes difference when a thing has to be faced in routine and one which is only on the occasion of Festival.	1
"He is out of industry for a while no work, wants some public attention and issues like these are common these days to get back in action."	1
Ndtv read from cnbc tv 18...make sure do not change the rules of the game ...Ndtv should learn from cnbc tv 18	1
"Modi Ji, everything is not for sale in India. These missiles are strategic weapons and should not be sold to other countries. Money is not everything and some things are more valuable than money."	1
"Wow, before winning they didn't have to do it? Nice journalism!"	1
"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-b22XCgwqA  Hye > #Rapeistan First Make Ur Soldiers Brave then Talk About War Against Pakistan and SoCald Surgical Strikes"	0
"tinkering , sand wash , water wash , sand paper rubbing , scrapping the old paint ......finally adding weather protected automobile paint .......make up of an car segment ......."	0
Just asking... Do you as in research houses get fees to cover and research a particular company like in case of credit rating agencies getting it from corporate	0
"😂😁🤗 lady reporter :Mr. Naidu. Wat is ur growth..  Mr. NAIDU answer : wat I am saying is  Dat is growth planning to 20 to 30%GDP. next 20 years..  Wat a joke"	0
Are v soldiers bro???? Its only the politicians on both sidez who are benefitting from this conflict	0
"I don't understand you Muslim people don't live in their own country.. you settle down here are there , out of the crowd ..  And talking about India and Pakistan matter"	1
This is ridiculous and Inhumanity activitys by pak armys continious cease fire & geneva convention violations its is time to give Befitting response to pak	1
Yup...its a truth...I know how they make filing of innocent people. Don't go for Airtel....	0
"Please somebody let him speak a full sentence. Even if he stammers or Say's nonsense we should promote ""tolerance"" We should not turn our back towards a ""differently able"" political leader he represents a number of people"	1
"CNBC agent, please zoom onto the screen , not these mf'in singers"	0
But vice versa is still a dream in countries having shariyat laws 😂	1
Not 1 or 2 they demolished thousand of temple from history till now. That's why we hate them	1
"The headlines ""he won the trust votes"" should be reworded as "" he has bought the votes""  Now, we face the hard truth that money and power wins, what else can u expect from a corrupted group ?"	1
Wow. We have an apologist	1
Like..... I don't care - let them do that... :l Why is this trending most of all ??	0
Is karnataka bank a good long time buy for M&A activity?	0
indians are with indian army plz do something show wt is india .....	1
Reluctant to speak in Parliament but don't waste any chance to speak outside as he hase no one to respond	1
anuj u r amazing keep going😊 I follow you  every day 8 am onwards	0
anti hindu express is trying to get something against hindus in kerala after killing of RSS workers by their master communist... so they got this news.... bootlikcer of CPM sponsored by china....	1
Got this misinterpreted data from bloody Zakir Nayak I think...	1
"So many innocent people died in queue to get their own money who gonna take responsibility of them ,And Mr  Prime minister just showing crocodile tears in front of BJP bhakts"	1
Parliament has become a drama stage for all political parties in every session these  politicians laugh and shout and fool the people of India. I am against demonetisation of currency until these parties bring a bill to stop corporate funding to political parties and bring lokpal bill immediately otherwise they themself are biggest corrupt people	1
"I m now frastrated, same text what past ministers said. What's the use of radars, sophisticated planes and missiles..... For fun..... WE don't want Govt. who want to do nothing except words...... Kill The basterds...."	1
You ppl now feel everything odd by Muslims... let's separate all the Muslims to a particular state n feel tension n noise free...wt u say Mr S nigam.	1
"This is a stupid reporting by this presstitute.  Being a Hindu, if I shift to a new house I get Havan done. It does not mean I dislike Muslim"	1
"As much as democracy is about peoples voice..i cannot believe this hatred against Yogi Adityanath. He is not a bad choice. My family has been his supporter. People and media are spreading so much hatred but he has done some great work!! There are so many videos on youtube justifying his great work. Watch this and everyone will change their mind.  https://youtu.be/aAjLxsDC0WU"	0
not even a single goal congress govt achieved in last 9 year except corruption and high Inflation......	1
sterling performance of his predecessor has left me speech less ....let me find my rhythm to ask !!!	0
Defence and development goes hand in hand. We are able to invest in defence becoz we are booming our economy and are world's fastest growing one. China can keep crying we don't pay heed to it. 🖕🖕😂😂	0
9 sets of rules and regulations needed to be approved by council: FM	0
Sanjiv Bajaj and Bajaj Finserv is fraud and cheated lot of customers and I am one of the victim. I am filing case against Bajaj finserv in consumer court .	0
India has no option gud night have a sweet dreams	1
Proud to be Indian🇮🇳... Hats off to ISRO teams 👏	0
Its time to compare talented anushka shetty and  @##$%    Anushka sharma....	0
Some ppl dnt understand these thngs...thy can only blame our pm...thy want chnge with out any chnge...good job sir...salute	1
This is fucking 3 years old video from Mexico.wake up you idiots	1
One of the WB GS Dr. Sarkar ( a madical practitioner) also arrested near about 2 months ago on same child trafficking case..... Very unfortunate.	0
Great i kbow some people are suffering for money but people u konw about this man are carrying about u they doing for u they doing for our country	1
Ya u need to c before 2019 we do t wait until then	0
AAP dont need the monsters like u	1
"What levels to come in buying. Axis bank bought above 500 should come to average"	0
Brave man modi...taking hits from all sides..we r lucky to have  aleader like him	0
"Anna admired kejri and boosted him !!Anna indeed a simpleton ,not a national leader"	0
"He is right in my view.. prayers are made by heart no by loud speakers.. If honking is against law then miking should be toooo"	1
Electric vehicles should be subsidised instead.	0
Zakir Musa also studied Engineering at Chandigarh but turned to be Top Hizbul Militant n killed our security pers. Kashmiri r pelting stones at our sec pers in J&K. So how can Kashmiri still  expect good treatment  from Chandigarh . First condemn ur Kashmiri ppl n ask them to behave like human beings if they want same in reciprocation.	1
I am sure Yogi ji being a sanyasi might hv allowed this to be done by an accused murderer but as a CM he will show his strictness towards the accused MLA	0
"The person grows three times faster than the company; a disproportionate part of the profits goes to rewarding the capital than those who sacrificed their lives to make the company successful, and a slick marketing campaign to make it appear as if the meagre amounts of money set apart for a family run trust are ""philanthropy"".  What hollow pride..."	1
"Lokanathan Rajan so? The govt shouldn't even try? Such defeatist mentality as yours is the reason that India still lags behind as a third world country, rather than having realized its potential as the world's leader"	0
First u band ur dangerious product. Is harmfull for Indian Soldiers.	0
Pls ask the same question to karan johar that if he gets a responsibility like that ?😀	0
She is looking dead gorgeous.... All people are just jealous	0
Idiotic suggestions ... This is a massive move and should be supported	0
"How dare you call them terrorists?  They are FREEDOM FIGHTERS, and you are PRESSTITUTES.  #Ban anti-national media houses."	1
"Azam Khan shud refer to the Congress to which dogs were they referring to! Modiji just passed a repartee to khadge's comments ! Azam Khan, as usual, adding fuel to the fire! He & his breed will not let peace prevail between the two communities!"	1
"this was the question of the face saving of the modi govt . if he is brought back , the congress will have very little to raise hand against the govt ."	0
@pigs there are 100 crore Hindus in India. So please......	0
"Sonia, what scripts you would suggest from the Banking Sector"	0
"Good but ours is tropical climate with 10/8 months ""garmi "" won't it increase temperature n if it's a AC coach won't it consume more energy in keeping it cool."	0
Country's mp should be dumb like mammohan singh	1
Wow. He held such a high position in international organisations.... I thought education makes a person  better.	0
Everything will crash as no economy can recover after a foolish move the government.	1
Leave RSS first Anna ji	0
No need of selecting we have elected Modi now itself...	1
If he wants political mileage why he will do such thing soo plzz understand the intention of our pm.. don't fall for the fake development of past and welcome pure long run and real development which is the vision of our best pm	1
"Pls share this page on your timeline so that we will connect with more peoples   https://www.facebook.com/HHSUPPORT/"	0
I'm NOT saying don't eat pork. Please read my comment again :)	0
"how many of you guys know that all internal war Syria is facing was started from Alleppo university and university of Damascus..., if you don't then Google it.....l think we should stop this type of cancer from spreading in our country."	1
"💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178"	0
He speaks when Set top box troubles on bad weather. There are many kids channels don't worry.	1
Y are all the news channels sounding like he will be thrashed n kicked 😂 kind off...he was the king of good times he will remain the same...banks were dumb they lent him... he I'll give back half of it and get a clean chit I feel.... where are those recovery agents and gundas which many banks have who end up breaking some ones leg for a mere 1lakh 2lakh loan... any one gutsy enough to make him pay full 9000cr ?	0
It will soon vanish from Delhi also then back to Pavilion.	1
"Shahzeb Hassan: the LOC is not fenced at all locations.  Also, after what they did with Capt Saurabh Lt. Saurabh Kalia and so many others of our soldiers, one can only go by what one sees. This is NO way to treat even your worst enemies, come what may.   I cried when there was a school attack in Pak: How can anyone justify that? But that same level of outcry, never seen from the other side."	1
Great nitesh ji plz join bjp u r good person every person no	1
V.hardly to see pics...but PC...was played in pink or something like .. Ranveer..Mary Comp..life...★	0
Why they don't give same treatment to the rapist also	1
"🔶DIGITAL INDIA JOB🔶 🔸earn money without any investment 🔸multi level networking 🔸work daily 2 hours per day 🔸earn rs 500 to 600 daily 🔸life changing oppurtunity 🔸type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp number.. 7982068522"	0
A secret weapon of BJP	1
Moni Singh there is no race so there is no  challenge. But you are just a pathetic case of  aggressive and destructive feminism	1
Finally earth will be relaxed little ...atleast 1 ton less	1
Indian Express at its lowest. I need to rethink if I should continue with its subscription?	1
Do you think that we don't have person better than him? Too much publicity?	0
2019 is going to be vital for odisha too..the way I can see people are taking interest in national politics its good for the state as well as country..BJP should not let a single stone unturned to make the wave their side ..it wil really a cherry on the top of the cake if we win Odisha in 2019.. Chandan Panigrahi	1
But his gates foundation is under watchlist  Hope the govt will stop scrutinizing their Funds to India.	0
"Navaratan Kumar bro it's better u stop visiting Istanbul from now onwards as it is unsafe and not gud for Ur health.  People who feel safe they only will visit Istanbul."	0
Congress did in 70 year BJP did in 30 min	1
"kabali clinic opened to treat those have kabali fever --kabali pill , five times daily ..normal oral 97.6-99.6  normal temperature -98.6 -100.6-age group -11 to 65 years .........kabali mania"	0
If this fellow have spine let him face elections and win loksabha seat instead of entering parliament via back door.	0
Republic is coming...father of all English channels....@@india  s first global venture	0
"Terrorists?  Will escape jail?  Deal will be sealed?"	1
Then you haven't seen the world. You limited yourself into a small stream of reviews.	1
Why Pakistan behave like coward ??........if they attacked than accept it .....or if did not attack than accept that it's terrorist attackers come from Pakistan	1
U r govt is not safe for hindhus	1
Maybe keralites eats infants as well along with beef and pork ?	1
"OMG. Indians are masters of blaming others for their failure. It seems majority population is not influenced or learned from Ramayana, Gita, Mahabharat, upnishad,  Puran, But they get everything from movies. Ha ha"	1
"USD,US Bond yield,Stocks,IntrestRate in US they all are going up together. Why is this hapenning and how long will this continue?"	0
What does the word cost mean? Does it take foreign debt into consideration? Does it consider human wealth?	1
Seems like Indian express hasn't seen the video...idiots!	1
"I waiting for the launch,,, but I surprised by this performance done at launch"	1
The commies anti national dreams will never materialise	1
this is the worst live cast of any product I have ever seen	1
Even we have lost hopes in Anna Hazare....He is not worried about corruption now	1
Thanks to Sushmaji and Harish salveji	0
Most corrupt party passed lokpal and now the only Nationalist party not even talking about it.	1
Exactly.USA & India must be kicked out from Afghanistan with in shortly InsAllah.Just wait.	1
Consanguineous marriages increase the chances of genetic abnormalities and you people are ample proof. ..Lol  !!	1
And leftist presstitutes are happy as the child is IMRAN'S TAHIR'S son.	1
BJP parliamentary meet is for BJP members and for them to take the message to their respective constituencies. what is the expectations here :)	1
"If the banking sector as a whole does not embrace technology and invest significant amount of capital in their Operations, it will be taken over by other tech driven companies and consumers shifting their trust to others who offer them more value"	0
Yogi adityanath should be cm candidate from bjp side.......bjp do not trust yogi adityanath or fear of yogi in national politics.....adwani was hardcore hindu but modi was more than adwani...  if yogi got huge support from ppl then modi chair will be in danger	1
After this kejriwal is goinh to resign and have a fair elections. Because EVM is faulty and he won his election because of faulty EVM. Andolan karo kejriwal. We are with you.	1
You don't understand common man difficulties. All rich people are getting money with commission basis. And common people are suffering	1
not able to compete and run business and now crying foul	0
India TV there is lot of corruption is happening in stadium also at ferozshah kotla drinking water bottle mrp rs 10 sold for rs 50	0
Anuj is still on leave. He has come for a Diwali special. Tune in at 5 pm!	0
"Insa allah.. Now that pigs body will eaten up by microbial world, ants and other insects in the form of 72 hurs hurrrray."	1
GST not applicable below 20l turnover is latest...why he is repeating old old stuff	0
Re chutiya jio airtel is the best mobile network in india	0
Any sensible person will vote for #AAP only.	0
"lets fight it out Rahul ..come on we are spartan..lets make the persian run out of the country make bajaj got some Resale value like enfield -bringing value   shiva shiva shiva shiva shiva shivaya ...ecstasy of shiva .celebrating the coolest"	0
He is not needed by his own party so had to be seen heard	1
what pm Modi can do if ur own AIMLB is  supporting tripple talaq...whenever modi raised this issue he was badly criticised by all opposition....so just suffer no one can help u mam	1
May he be in the best health and live a long life.	0
She has been so priveleged all her life. But we have to work to meet our ends. We don't get to make our choices.	1
And charge for Sussu. There is no point of providing toilets if it's not clean and free.	0
"#RajanOnCNBCTV18 - Well done Sir, a lot more hidden hands are clapping for you at the moment :)"	0
"Jaadu tona, they r educated fool"	1
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
Host volume is high n guest volume is low. Hav to play with volume using earphone.	0
Once or twice or thrice a month or even a  year is bearable hence ok. But to wake up every single day of your life by the noise blaring out of loudspeakers is sure to piss off anybody.	1
"All Indian army was watching  Bahubali 2/ IPL during Pakistan army crossed the border and killed two Dogs and mutilated them 😂😂😂😂😂"	1
no postmartom before december tax shown recoeds..... no fear to bussines man who is ready to do digitalisation now onwards....	1
"#Opinion #Replug: India has a racism problem, particularly against Africans, and it is in denial."	1
Who is this jobless idiot? What are his achievements?	1
Technically in which level in nifty bear market will come? I think 9400 so let's watch it	0
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
"Erm no it hasn't. There was no ban in 201, new vetting procedures were put inplace wich slowed immigration during the switch from old too new - but at no point was anyone banned. http://uk.businessinsider.com/big-differences-between-trumps-immigration-ban-obamas-2011-policy-2017-2?r=US&IR=T  I ifnd it funny how you insult others for their lack of research whilst proving you havent done any yourself. Amazing."	1
I dont know why indians blame Pakistan for everything and yet not willing to accept their responsibility for their creation of disturbances in bochistan and other parts of Pakistan.	1
Mitesh very nice learn about how to stand by in market	0
It is the first time a good statement from bjp leader since Modi as Pm	0
Mayawati so called dalit crorepati woman can't say one letter without reading paper Sher should have declared some poor dalit woman for CM post ..	1
Money that you can spend to build toilets.....indian people pee on street...	1
"Original video in the link....and a segment of the video used by few media house to propagate how Kumar Biswas attacked Kejriwal.....watch both the video by yourself  to see how mainframe media is using all its take to defame delhi government as much as possible before MCD election. #shameonjournalism #soldmedia  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iuoS2dpccHU"	0
"we also love ANNA u never join AAP, u dont know meaning of AAP it is clear that we the people, we never trust leaders in our party. even one day we are able through our so called leaders AK and manish. we never trust even them. we the people aam admi. power lies with us. never make drama to kill our intention. whenever election is there u come in front and start blaming AAP. i warn u and i try to educate u i know ur from RSS background just keep away from our intention."	1
Will match tariffs of other operators & offer 20% more data: Mukesh Ambani	0
"Message clear, that was it, and what was made out of it.  .."	1
"Dear Narendra Modi ji, the Activists, MSM, NGOs & Leftist didn't vote for you never will. We voted for you. Screw their opinion. Do the needful, mercilessly."	1
It seems that North Korea is still looks more confident of it's intentions than it's mighty rival US.	0
"science of governing or craft of governing needed in all states, all level  -irrespective of party  ..issue based politics is what happens in all state -siberian crane news"	0
"I blame the politicians - nothing can b discussed rationally. Everthing must be dissected into how many points they can score off their political rivals.  Ppl like Rahul Gandhi should take lessons from Shashi Tahoor of his own party With these examples all around, the average Indian goes on a rampage on the streets"	1
What happened to Indian Express... Please don't stoop to such sycophancy. Doesn't suit your status.	1
good to c tv18 channel management comin on tv and explaining there view .....hope they turn around the company from loss making to profit making ......	0
"Yes, if it is from South, it must go to nation, but not the other way around."	0
Who gives such information duh!!!!!	1
Look who is talking in same Kerala every week one Hindu is being killed and state Government is doing nothing about it..	1
This is a baseless news and have only come up in the social media only...no such thing has been ordered by the Kuwaiti government...so just chill	0
"Kumar Sambhav pak soliders didn't killed ur soliders.. if if they were to they had to just put a bullet in their chest. This what happened was not done by ours soliders, this is something that even animals can't do, i don't know what u think of us but atleast we are humans.... And by the way i am deeply inspired by ur feelings for the victims of APS school attack...!!"	0
"Ok now u wanna debate on wether we should eat non veg or not. I m all for it dude,eat whatever u want just don't mock my beliefs in my own land. Just that. Besides beef u r free to eat anything , we r not against non veg."	1
"every country in the world is manufacturing the same product  is just a dumping which will lead to stagnation of world economy not now later )..lead to some cascading effect .lock outs , market slide no demand , job loss etc...why not world economy can device a sealing , concentrate and renewable energy and other newer platform of recycle"	0
Hello anuj sir your views on just dial after this rally will this continue or profit booking	0
These dangerous communal communists brutal feculars r destroying india	1
yes much can be said on both the sides.	0
HOW many dreams are destroyed because of this fucking IIT	1
U will have to pay for shedding the innocent blood in the whole world	1
"Thats the best u cud have replied ? Absolutly no Remorse."	1
Why am I not surprised. Another dictatorship begins to form	1
Ccd below its issue price .. any gr8 deal ?	0
"Thank god, India's fate  is not in the hsnds of communists. West Bengal still a backward state, while Kerala still worse. But keralites are clever, they vote for communists and fly to foreign countries for earnings"	1
"🍄 Love You :o Indian Express   🍄 Add Close •» Indian Express   <3 Like Comment back <3   :o <3 Sahilbd.tk <3 :o"	0
This old man will be next year's highest civilian award winner for bringing bjp to power.	1
"💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178"	0
Innocent people are dying due to politically game in the both countries. we are different by religion but we are human plz stop this like non sense things. every people wants peace and  want to live in this beautiful earth and life is precious for their family member else. Wake Up......India & Pakistan.	1
Can't blame the untouchables in India - born to a life of hell.	0
"Pls improve sound quality,it is toonlow"	1
100/- & 50/- notes  were not cancelled ........how people are feeling shortage .........where has gone these notes	0
anuj can you please talk about oriental bank of commerce ?	0
Bjp - this time please work anything good for country now. You guys are in power in both sabha's	0
"I am looking for a job, a videographer. E-mail me to my mail for a constructive dialogue. videosportmoto@rambler.ru"	0
Why undermine if we donot have the bigger pic understood. So wait before concluding	0
"But ever may be there on the AOA, what ever happened shouldn't have happened, if it had to then not in such a bad shape, had damaged the TATA's Image globally, which is on the list of the world's top 5 most trusted and ethical brands. #Maam you look beautiful, just simply smile some day."	0
"You are the biggest looser anna. U joined mamta banerjee and u saw when there was no public in rally u ran away. Why dont u tell about others report of all parties?"	1
David Singh I have already said that. And I would love it. 😜	1
Nbcc best Infra company will declare rs 5 per share dividend after April	0
"Is it daughter will sell mother or fathers or any at online Gomatah Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha bloody RSS"	1
Moni Singh you ppl will challenge only to loose	1
This is still palatable with the visuals going on ....	0
So are we saying there was no black money poured in BJP to fight the elections...	0
"a very common scene in Punjab. for real life exp plz travell on ferozepur-Amritsar highway (y) lol."	0
"All Indian army was watching  Bahubali 2/ IPL during Pakistan army crossed the border and killed the Dogs 😂😂😂😂😂"	1
Hi Anuj & Sonia please give a view on Hindalco & Jamna Auto please	0
Pretty zinta is a real woman and doesn't belong to the gang of dumb beauties of Bollywood ...Respect !	1
We are upset that most of the notes are deposited and they were getting white royally. Just leave this bills hit political leaders comments and do not waste your valuable time in answering them. Just take charge on these conversations and stop loosing the black money doors and please keep all normal man's trust on you to true.	1
We have to hang our head in shame with the so called elected representatives behavior.	1
"Ola is the most  420 company for fleet owner,s , ola always deducted incentive, if you claims nothing to do, so maximum fleet owner,s attached with uber,"	0
Madam working women make more successful everything !!	1
"Some TV channels are now swaying towards PM Modi / BJP.  However no channel except Zee has power to expose the truth hidden from public. Zee goodwill on the rise, watch out."	0
He is an extra constitutional authority in the country these days.He only has powers without responsibilities.Why should he give up his special position to become mere rubber stamp of the central government.?	1
Have u ever applied any visa here? I hv been here since last 17yrs and u ppl hv been banned since few years.	0
"So what? Stop this nonsense, the whole world is eating beef. Go and stop them if you have the courage to do it."	1
The announcement comes after an expert committee recently pointed out the damage to the Yamuna floodplains.	0
This is news nothing related to religion.. since u know English.. y don't u go through the post.. by ur comment it seems u celebrate when someone steals something from ur home.. great country..	1
Majority of Keralites are Hindus.Then why people in Kerala again and again choosing them??? Why they are not giving a chance for BJP??	0
Whole media is misleading the people.  What a shame!	1
"Sir Its New India... For All Parties Its Impossible To Match Modi So Easy Way Is Defame Them By any Means.... But Unfortunately The More They Do The More They getting Lowered!!!"	1
"congress were pat to ruffian's also before so that had to loss life TO late smt. Indra Gandhi,Rajiv Gandhi.Beant Singh.BJP Started to 'swachh bharat abiyaan'together pakistan .may be ,it will be finish before election either 2020."	0
Is Siemens still a good buy in the large cap space?	0
"Just because, he is not going to do buttering for vote bank like other politicians has done. He is Hindu by religion and leave him, will this so called Maulvi do Hindu pooja? No, so don't say the things you don't follow by yourself."	1
Will assess if the National Manufacturing Policy 2011 needs to be reviewed: Commerce Minister	0
This money will go to there friends and party members  sure	1
Abhishek Bubu Swain Try to take up from him sooner Debasis Bal you cooperate for Abhi 😝😝😂😂	0
Modi ji it is enough please do something concrete. Now it is reslated to the national Pride.	0
Not only he dashed your hopes but misusing the name on corruption	1
"Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murders by  Turkey Army ....  What about given  the Kurds their land back ???   Let Kashmir not be the  talks on table ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  ."	0
"Peeps, it's my opinion. If you can't accept it; you could ignore it. I am not here for a war of words."	1
A man who buys two thousand bikes for winning U0p elections is lecturing on fighting corruption. Devil quoting scriptures.	1
"Interest in the stock mkts have fainted, how much more can a mkt move up with limited ppl earning"	0
"Poor infrastructure, sincere less and inefficient, even ignorant  teachers, and without professional supervision and up gradation!"	1
Pakistan its a shame full things u doing. ...no need to attack any religion place...nothing different. ..mosque mandir church this is the place we with human being	1
Change your name as well	1
"Falguni Ghosh Protik Biswas these who were lucky enough to get into the best universities in India still aren't satisfied - do they feel anything less than MIT or CalTech is below their standards?   One IIT stamp and getting a good grad program becomes at least ten times easier but no these cry babys have to make a rukus."	1
"On Budget day, February 28, 2003, Singh said that despite grave uncertainties on the oil front, the government had by and large absorbed the rise in crude prices."	0
"Pakistan is a terrorists country, doesn't believes in humanity why should not we retaliate according to"	1
"Hopefully the people will realise the betrayal perpetrated on them. The state of Tamil Naadu is now ruled by a bunch of money grabbers whose head honcho is in jail for the offense of ill begotten wealth. Poverty has not been addressed. Is a TV and mixee adequate comprise for a vote? Time to reject these politicians and move to a new future. POLITICIANS NEVER GUARANTEE OUR FUTURE, ONLY THEIR OWN."	1
Zakir Naik has rejected all allegations of involvement in terror-related activities and opposed ban on the IRF.	0
80% of kerala peoples like beef....we dont like anyone to interfere in it!it is the right to eat what we desire....we will unite  against beef ban....it is because of the foolish performance of bjp and alliances in the field that they can't get much hold in kerala	1
But i was really happy when no one attended funeral of yakub Memon	1
"Napakis are greedy dogs.🤑🤑 Kick them if you see. Cheeeaap Napakis - thooooo."	1
I am shocked that Indians didn't do any cheap thing with Muslim leader Erdugan	0
"Now Kejriwal comments, those 45% who doesn't come out for voting , they boycott EVM.. hahahaha... Mr Arvind Ji, AAP is over"	1
Thats why roads of new york are such clean. Good Priyanka Chopra some one is taking modi swachh bharat abhiyan to international stage..... Please try such thing in India we need more of this then America 👍👍👍	0
"we dont have time for such issues, we are busy saving cows."	1
But no cash in ATMs	1
What will be the impact?  Petrol prices wl go up or down?	0
Kumar Mangalam Birla of Aditya Birla Group speaks about why #MakeInIndia makes sense in the current times and how the Government can make it easier for companies to Make In India.	0
Those who are opposing are surely black money holders..F** out of our country	1
"India is not Canada ,that's free n developed society ,if u live like them ,soldiers of culture will kill u"	1
"😸 Bot💕 Powered🌵 By🎈 Prince👯 Fadii  🏨 See My Bot Speed  😽 India TV ♥ c h α υ δ h r ψ s 🌹 β ο τ τ ε r ♥ 🏢 Saturday : 29 - April - 2017 🏨  Like Back♥ India TV 🏥 Comment Late  24 detik :)  🏪 Auto Comment By   Prince Fadii  🏯 🔎 Baby-Bot.tk 💡"	0
Navratri and Ganesh Procession does not happen everyday whereas Azan keep on disturbing every day...must be banned....Do not need to learn secularism from Pseudo-Secularists....	1
Sanchari Chakraborty I heard this news on ABP Ananda that Bikram and Ms Chauhan were returning from a party and both of them were drunkened .... Don't be so intolerant....	1
"Dear Friends, considerig the population of India, if working cash is kept at home at permisiable limit , this is not illegal. The cash is not Black Money collected . People dont make a fuss that  this move has collected Black money"	0
This perverted intellectual is friend of Pakistan and enemy of India.  When one of your family gets killed will realize misdeeds of neighbor	1
Keep going without worry  about votes in next general election	1
Hahaha surgical strike by pakistan army 300meters inside disputed territory where ur 8 hundred thousand randian army there hahahaha they even can't protect their border	1
Mr. PM you must act now. We are with you. Don't do only ninda always.	1
Please Tell me Some Multibagger IDEA Midcap Small Cap Company Name	0
Hi Soniya Will Sun & Aurobindo Pharma Their life time high once more in coming Sessions/ It remains Sluggish only???	0
This is a victory of Narendra Modi's leadership: Amit Shah	0
What Govt of Delhi is doing? Why Delhi elected an idiot who doesn't work and only talk.	1
Enough is Enough... Stern action needed... All should come on one platform for immediate exemplary action.	0
Sikulars will never ever agree and say that  muslims and Dalits voted for Modi or BJP. They would like Indians to be eternally divided. Mark that Muslim women and dalits have voted massively for BJP in every state.	0
V need to make sure Pak exist  only on old maps.. erase Dem .. my dear brother soldiers .	1
lets pray god he might not get easy death rather should die like a rotten eggs .	1
What do Muslims have to say about their share in crimes in non-muslim countries... Muslims use terror against non-muslims to subjugate them...your crimes are 2.5 times your population in India...	1
"Don't worry, indian army too won't mutilate pakistan soldiers bodies.......third party would do this..."	1
No bosses over there take fare actions . Employee who are onroles they treat the person working on 3rd party payrole as their servant	1
The question that India should put to Modi is...Who is responsible for martyrdom of 60 soldiers in last 2 months and hundreds after Uri attack...5 young jawans Martyred this week again...2 in poonch Right now...He has made India an Afghanistan for forces	1
"I lived next to a temple for 5yrs, where daily from 6am to 9am there will be bajans going on, but never complained about it. every otherday in india their is festival going on where loudspeakers are used,azan is just for 2 mins mr nigam if you want ban, then ban bajans, all types of loudspeakers and specially late night party where your music is been played and ban music too. Your music also suck otherwise STFU."	1
If Indian army WS not there u ppl would hav been enslaved till date by pakis. But your support will be based on religion only. What can we expect from you. Did you ever read this https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1971_Bangladesh_genocide ?	0
Wht u need kali mirch or as usual burnol	1
I won't support this sudden change why they need to do sudden change	1
I think it's hers version of feminism .... which I consider mainstream .... the feminism you talk about is not at all feminism ...It's actually a kind of bully thing	1
You poor people modi and amit shah just starts the game to polarize the voters in UP elections	1
Sad but true... Indian Cows have more protection than brave Indian soldiers :(	1
Sanjiv Sharma and what evidence you have got to call the communist party.murderers?	1
"Sir, LWE activities does not in any way relate to Adibasi or SC /ST. Or development. A group of left supporters are exploiting the local inhabitants and stringent action against those people are required."	0
"His career is in the declining stage now . Out of frustration, he speaks this illogical and communal stuff .,"	1
It's like BJP mukt south india and CONG mukt north India	1
"Belive me nothing wrong will be proved  , useless media  useless  sebi  useless  govt"	1
"Nice ,we are sponsoring WORLD CRICKET but can't find sponsorship for eliminating poverty!! Sad"	1
in 6 days 7800Crore of index option buying by FII's. what are they buying or is it a hedging againts something big to come as it is Januarry??	0
Is mid cap a good space to be invested in?	0
"Okay fine then. Muslims live happily in majboori in whole UP!!  Btw no one praise anyone in ""majboori""... No one becomes cashier in temple in ""majboori"""	1
1st aggressive statement i have seen since he took his office.	0
We want India to be a manufacturing hub: Commerce Minister	1
Situation is equally bad in Tamil Nadu.... there are illegal beef stalls where cows are.slaughtered all over the state including the capital.city Chennai	1
"Vijaya , Rice price is the problem in Kerala,  not RSS."	0
Life is so harsh ....even good deeds at times gives a big loss !!	1
Give me your account number I will give you.  But first show me the video where modi promised you 15 lakhs.	1
"Decrease half of the population,  we will become first."	0
Modi why don't you stand in the queue? 29th December is commencing. Be ready with your 'achche din within 50days'.	1
We dnt take any credibility.They have destroyed our families !! Doesn't matter	1
Good to hear this news may God call him soon to his home ...	1
They are both pretty what is fkin wrong with you guys	1
One can buy with a sl of 240 for tgt 253/255/258/262/265	0
"Rajesh Thakur, Britain axed their own feet. India didn't do anything significant to bring about the difference. We are still a third world nation lead by an egoist."	0
"He is neither this nor that. He failed what country needs and he is also one of the main reason for Kejriwal's obstacles and his fulfillments.Annaji may be living inthe dream while he is sleeping what happens in this country.This is the time for united standing between all parties tosucceed grahan happen in this time"	1
Al Quida terrorist Al Zawahiri is hiding in Karanchi with the help of ISI.USA any time may drop bombs on Al Zawahiri to send him to hell.	0
"Really? do you care Then what about others Where were you when other things happened  Why are you supporting those who created this issue (Rouge Media) Please watch    https://youtu.be/fKRVDLE0agY  You will understand"	1
Is it an advertisement or some sort of news ?	0
"Porkiestan is ISIS PART ONE created on the land of Sindh n Punjab, After Genocideing 30 lakhs Bangladeshis in 1971, Porkiestan funded the Jehadist elements of Kashmir n Genocided millions of Kashmiri Hindus during the 1991, Now Porkiestani Army is Using Chemical Bomb against Innocent Baluchis People..porkiestan Murdabad"	1
Well done modi your planing has should  ' Nobody is perfect '	0
"KJO was asking for this since a very very long time, its a bloody nexus. Its not an industry, its a ""Hindu Family business"" like outfit. Totally Feudal."	1
"Really? I'm not the one dictating an official language all the while degrading others you hypocrite.  There is a reason why Jews have been hated throughout history and this is yet another example of their tyranny."	1
There was  also a huge number of letters written by women to Modi on ALCOHOL BAN that has RUINED  the FAMILIES  of several women. Did Modi ban alcohol ???	1
she dznt even deserve 2 live in India.... itz our country kick her out	0
Go to Kerala  and west bengal and see the situation of Hindu people where CPI ruling . people of India already decided who is terrorist party that's why bjp won everywhere in India .and send photos of rally where 3500 people attend the rally...in manglore	1
"We are foolishly showing mercy to paki cockroaches, they are not humans to be dealt with diplomatically... Pigs understand only beast language."	1
when they accept their devils work...I think that is enough cause to get start war.. finish Pakistan from the world map....	1
Shame for all of us.	0
"Dont know ..how he feels really  But fact is if he takes back his son   he might be harrased by police... Etc."	1
Silence ? Why do people always make it look as if western societies are the major victims of terrorism. These immigrants fled their countries escaping chaos brought upon them by terrorism	1
Asif Khan let kulbhushan yadav be a terrorist however your soldiers mutiliated the dead bodys of indian soldiers isnt that worse than terrorism	1
The whole village would have been there to save him Only if he was a cow!	1
Sonam Gupta bewafa hey kyo ki uske pass sab politicians ka Black money hey	0
Now bhakts will worship Gates like they worshipped Trump. 😂	1
"I personally feel, Muslims should not live in density in any city or state in India. Wherever we are in masses, these things are taking place. As it becomes easy to hide for terrorists in those places. I may be wrong also."	1
O what kind of singer he is..had a respect for him.ur sound is God gifted.Hope God does not make him deaf and dumb...then he will realize the power of prayer	1
Rahul needs a long holiday. Will he go with his mother?	0
"Poor managerial skills, inefficiency, appalling resource management ability, corrupt practices are some of the reasons for Indian companies poor and dismal performance,"	0
Qamar Ghauri your sir name is not Ghauri but it is Aghori because you bagger depend upon aid of world community and Pakistan is also beggary of Hindu religion	1
Grow up from ur radical RSS mentality man	1
what about your concerts where loudspeakers r used thoooooooooo	1
What about reliance market? It is huge brand all over India and will it pickup	0
When tht bloody di****s nation would release him. I il pray fr u. Come back soon bro.....	1
Is it news aor you are try to panic the people	1
get attack minnority sir once want 2 see who win in blood shed	1
Because they know now to survive in bollywood they have to praise modi.but this hindu actors r been used by bjp and rss to propaganda for them.shame on actor like akshay and others who r trying to divide bollywood by religoun.bollywood is like family and one should not become puppets of politicians they will come and go but bollywood will remain for ever.so pls akshay u r good actor but don't make ur self to cheap for this hindevta propaganda agent.	1
And they have ambulances for cows ! Shame on people who voted for corrupt and tyrants for the past few years.	1
More than 30% of my current inventory is 3 months old: Pawan Goenka	0
Hi Anuj & Sonia please give a view on Hindalco & Jamna Auto please	0
Wise men don't speak at every conversation they speak at the right time n hit the nail at the right spot.	1
Sonunigam ji AZAAN IS CALL FOR UNITY .AZAN IS CALL FOR PUIRTY .AZAN IS CALL FOR TO MEET ALMIGHTY .AZAAN IS CALL FOR BENFIT .NOT GUNDAGARDI .NOW U DOING GONDAGARDI U R NOTHING IN FRONT MY LORD AM RESPECTING U BECUASE OF MY LORD . MAN OUR CREATOR LOOKING U AM PRAYING FOR U TO NOT PUNISH U BUT REALISE U .AND WILL BE SHAME  U AND U WILL  APPOLAGISE ON SOCIAL MEDIA .NOW MY LORD WILL JUSTIY U. ALLAH IS GREAT .ALLHU AKBAR.  THIS MESSAGE WILL COME TO U INSHALLAH.	1
Money holders are making money.. what about those who have some desires but lack of resources...???	0
and what about Kashmiri Pandits 🤔🤔🤔. why didn't they take up guns🤔	1
yes they have to do with palestine ...but not their own kashmir (were there was no riot but total cleansing )	1
who will take a right decision when a common people purchase a drug of a chemist shop which is the better drug or chemical composition is better.	1
Good news for the country. Traitor like him(CPM). should not be there. They have enough harm to WB and India.	0
"Invested in technology to secure transactions, differentiate bank from other players: Shikha Sharma"	0
"Sir , great step , very bold step , it is definitely good for country . But planning lapses are there. By this time , liquidity should be there in market ."	1
Fahad such an helpless idiot you are you need doctor	1
"^EXACTLY! Who is she again? Yeah right, WIFE OF some celebrity. Sorry if some women want their own identity instead of becoming someone's Mrs. ! 😂"	1
OOOOHHH... WONDERFUL >>>>  1 SILVER MEDAL = 13 CRORE OR MORE......	1
"Mr. Reddy, please sometimes think of your shareholders also. We invest hard earned money."	0
"Sorry to say, it happens with every state. People are divided in their mind with us v/s them. You go south, they don't like north and you go east, they don't like west. The only way to resolve this is by bringing a feeling of being one nation one people and that can come from the top...policies of government."	1
"Very bad,cumunal govt ind why not take secularism step?"	1
"Only revenge alone can't help, we have to teach them lessons like 1971 after that Pak didn't stand up for decades..."	1
He is BJP chamcha. Why this old lier is not agitating 4 Lokpal?	1
Serious issue thanks to shewag responded immediately. Politics entered in education system. It is serious thing. Nobody condemning for their own interests. Future of Indian youngest generation will be dark due to poison thinking. Is these are ache din.	1
"After sacking Mistry, what next  to prove that Ratan Tata managed very well ?"	0
Jonelle Jones what are the up to over in Kuwait 😕	1
This is not FMGC its FMCG (fast moveing consumer goods)..	0
Where can we get data where WE KNOW FII AND DII SELL CALLS AND PUTS..	0
Please search some humanity in Syria too	1
"Fortunately, our forefathers were not dumb enough to create a national language and religion.  Congrats for being centuries behind."	0
"Royal Challengers Bangalore have registered only two wins in IPL till now, which could be the worst performance by a team in IPL history."	0
We congratulate our cm and all the people of two region where by poll conducted on victory wish you all the best guys truly a good decision your region development starts now.	0
Fail to address the parliament now addressing bjp park party	1
if india gets medals as equal to america or other top ten countries of the world than the whole country would have become under crises by paying all the players so much of cash.	0
"YOGI being a Hindu tries to safeguard Hindu interest.He also Believes in Sabka  Sath Sabka Vikas.That is Why he is the best Choice for C.M of U.P. UNDIAN EXPRESS STOP CRYING FOUL."	1
We are educated people let us think beyond let us think globally let us think on terms of peace	0
A brave lady. Learn a lot from her life. RIP	0
Will people vote for 10 years of mismanagement by BJP in MCD ??? Can't believe !!!	1
Future looks bleak for India as hindutva forces are ruling the country they want to make situation like Syria and Burma to make muslims refugees in there own country for a petty reason how can riots happen and muslims are told to leave village	1
I thought he was good but this move douts my thinking	1
How stupid indian express! Obviously u have not even listened to the beginning of the video! AK himself has tweeted this video!	1
In Canada only one time in a month free withdrawal is permitted and more than that r charged 2 dollar per transaction.	0
"Totally improper management to make suffer the economy in total,whom to blame for sudden down fall of smooth economy,irrepairable correction."	0
i have hpl electrical 70 share @202 at ipo price..what should i do?	0
Cnbc is owned by Reliance/ Ambani....so you should  appreciate the courage to write about the demerits of demonetisation	0
You call this good looks?? Madhubala will commit suicide hearing this!!!	0
"Dear, Indians r really idiot Boz they c death of jawans  But still Muslims r living in India Really, Muslims should b sent back to their country Pakistan."	1
Nowdays we hear such stories day in and day out	0
Certainly it is directed to all religions... Curb noise pollution	1
For maintenance bajaj will keep the bike and you have to get it from the workshop when u need it	0
So india is excepting that pakistan army entered LOC and attack on BSF? And how many jawans enter in india to attack .. thats  big question on the security of LOC ..	0
If we would have been spent this much momey earlier for making them prepare like other countery does. We would have got the gold ......Funny and irony part of indian sports....	0
True watever u r saying but still middle class people are facing the problem..	1
"Exactly..! A leader shall know the facts. If he understands the facts then his subordinate  will understand his objectives. So, basically a leader or superior will know the facts when he experienced it. Thats how the good communication starts This is called a healthy employment. So get your 100 customers by yourself and  guide ur subordinate to bring next 200. Ab ban gayana equal equal.. 😉😎😎"	0
yes a lot of difficulities BJP face in rigging EVMs and communally divide the people again and again to get votes...	0
Political parties are going to decide everything for us now days.... 😡😡	1
If it is terrorist  or no but sorry for the fake news he is not in karachi he may be in dubai or may be in india	0
And if father burst out in trauma beats the Docs than these Docs will go on strike .... they can kill people due to their negligence but people can't even slap them for their criminal negligence .... Govt is responsible for this killing for not bringing strict laws against Medical fraternity	1
"Sources said the party high command has asked state UP president Raj Babbar, to submit his report on the reasons behind the loss."	0
He has won...& The people have lost...	0
It show clearly that(Don't try to change the system...System will change U)	0
"Ofcourse is every single represetatives duty to protect and trains his community, specially wen attrocities, harrasing,and genocide happen to minorities such as Christians,Muslims and dallit Hindus from upper cast rulers and its affiliate groups"	1
Let they spend these 15 cr to improving the gaming facilities in India...	0
Anuj teach me a beat the volatility on the expiry day	0
instead all Congress people should be sent to Kashmir or moist ruled areas	0
"Why suddenly this new topic has become everyday talk,it was not being talked for many months.... It can not be sudden plan. But, demonetisation and sucking out money, like this not a solution and also no concern for poor and middle class running life with hard cash, Sir. Digicash is good and easy, but not a mass solution for our nation."	1
Yogi Adityanath should have come in her support .His support would have salutary  effect on the loose cannons in his party.	1
Is this the standards of journalism Indian Express practices now..... ????	1
Kudos Kangana taking a lone stand in an industry filled with cliques makes us realize just how strong you are anyways if anyone should leave the industry it should be Karan himself- you have more talent than he would have in ten lives	1
Poor people dont watch movies and pay like u do	0
I never liked her and now I know why!  :/	1
PSU banks were milked by private cos who are not repaying their loans	0
"Gandhi Killer Ram (Nathu) Temple in India......  Big Shame 4 India........"	1
"No one showed the courage to fought Black Money since independence. India 🇮🇳 has the only "" Murd"" in Narendra Modi."	1
"Before demonetization, how many BJP Leaders informed in advance by Mr. PM?"	1
"he he he he....not a single temple exits in kashmir....u people have destroyed all the temple in the name of islam..........for ur kind information, there are only 12 muslim family in my own village.........and we contributed them to build a mosque for them......"	1
"Killing Kurds , yazidis , collaborating with ISIS and you r terming them ummahs best leader in the world. Nonsense. Pakistan is also ur ummah then"	1
This headline shows and proves again that today's media is only TRP driven & it can cross any level to defame AAP. I am quite sure that you've already watched this video but reluctant to change  the mentality of today's generation as it was expected in this video. Shame on you guys	1
As per Zee News 405 for seats for BJP in UP. Total constituency is 403. Two seats given by Zee News on free of cost.	1
"Annaji, with due respect remember lokpal, you had disappointed entire country."	1
Dear BJP - We are raised very different in this state than rest of the country. Just let us be.	0
"Now public is tired of his fake claims. He has everything sensational to speak about corruption but has no evidence at all. He is making public fool like his boss. He is breaking his silence in parts to remain in media and publicity. Why did he brake his fast if he is genuine. One can also see from his language with media like ""meko kya pata"" ""mereko kush pata nhi"" etc...this is the language spoken by taporis only as AAP people are full of tapori people...Please do not trust him..."	1
"What about railway stocks, what is Demonetization effect on railway stocks like Textual, TWL etc."	0
U fool... y u R accusing only AAP?	1
Abhishek Kumar finally he is saying things.	0
Mr. KRK is not capable to understand the film Bahubali.	1
"You guys are doing a great job .,, keep it up !!!"	0
"Kuldeep Munshi Ji,you are partly right and agree to it but some of rats were consumed by those panun kashmiri brothers also who left on the secret signal of Jugmohan Ji.Now why to lament on past,let us find peaceful ways to join hearts.Kashmir will be a paradise once our pandit brothers will return."	1
When our nation will rise/walk from the deep sleep. As pakistani daily killing our soldier in the border and security forces and civilian in the country.	1
"Disgusting, pyjama chaap throwing around his weight"	1
"Not having fully recovered from a hamstring injury, Zaheer Khan is unlikely to feature in Thursday’s encounter"	0
A great singer but a worst human. He should respect religions and humanity and should avoid saying those stuff that hurts a particular group of people. His Ex-Fan from #Afghanistan and now hate him.	1
Neetu Jethani - this is kickass!	1
dude can u do wrong with your freinds?no right?so he is doing the same	1
"Innocent face n white tilak outside, Heinous character n black money inside :D huh"	1
Like & it's not the matter emotional as Mr Bajpayye ji dare to challenged against the Pakistan. Although no any abosulte majority. And the result in the hands of the people. What's the inetiative so far Mr Modi govt with vast majority even today??  Only the creation the great soildier by the govt!! At all the situation not healthy for the govt in near future. And a speech must more demanded by the Pm today without lost time.	0
It's good but VIPs r nt suffering only common people r suffering	1
Love jihad in india only for poor people	1
She deserves punishments so she can be kept silent	1
"Indian oil pumps are mostly involved in this kind of fraud Petrol & diesel theft ?  What says guys any replies on this ?"	1
Icici bank hold or sell 200 share @282 holding from last 1.5 year	0
Air india spoils  INDIA name.... plsss change the name . Or break this airline...	0
It's smart move of Kumar but well said. What we as common ppl of nation are doing..Are we too timid Nd cowards ? Yes We are. And we fight among ourselves. Look at USA. Ankh uthakar mere desh ya desh vasiyonko dekha nich lenge	1
"Pathankot and Uri attack made clear many things , ex generals are raising questions, huge foreign investments are plying in India.A war is comprising everything .Naturally foreign investors will nof like a full fledged war, they must be interested about their interest .In between these a full fledged war is of far dream."	0
"Wasim Hassan , I am not pro Yogi or Bhakt if you are getting that idea. I absolutely don't need to defend BJP or Yogi as they are way beyond capable of doing that by themselves. If you will read my comment, you will see that I am against paid media that will print the speculation instead of solid well researched based on facts news."	0
"^So are many #muslims in 2002 riots , so are #dalits in #laxmanpur-bathe riots and so are #tribals in #kandhamal riots .all riots incited by a single organisation and it's followers.But still hypocrites will not utter a single word."	1
welldone pak army I slute this is a surgical strike	1
You guys really need to make sure that ppl behind you are aware that they are online :)	0
"Haha, the reasons do not make any sense. Looks like a desperate attempt at publishing an article.😂😂"	0
"Please don't change, kujliwal is needed for BJP just like Rahul Gandi"	0
"Whatever former PM created mess, will take some time to make things ok"	1
"Saw BAHUBALI 2 .... n yes S S RAJAMOULI is the HERO.....the art of storytelling... each n every character well sketched..... all Indian artistes.... respecting our traditions ......want to see it again n again ...... each frame is like a painting..... RESPECT"	1
Modi modi modi .. those who called bhakts are not true indians they are muslims gaddar	1
"Are u aware of the type of new note? It hs a radio chip n can be tracked."	1
First of all this is our constitution mistake to farm uniform civil code.if  Previous govt  could have do it earlier it will not be discussable matter to day. Perhaps may be vote bank .One thing I can't understand. For all crime they want IPC. WHY THEY DONT TRIPLE TALAQ TO BE IN IPC...even most of educated persons are not raise theire voice against this...	1
"It's good but another perspective is that one's an athlete achieves ,evry bdy wants to have a chunk of being associated with them....but wen they are struggling , preparing ,very few pay heed to them and their sporting needs. Feel proud of our girls,but don't loose sense of realism and the lacunae in our system,which prevents a nation representatives of one-sixth of humanity have a respectable medal tally in Olympics."	0
What did I do then? I put my opinion too.. And you can put your opinion but can't order the court..	1
Ab sp will lecture about law and order....thats hilarious	1
He tweeted on usage of loudspeaker in azan not about azan 🙏🙏🙏Stop misguiding people	1
what about  Axis Bank.? Any signs of an uptrend in the short term?	0
Great sir hats off to u	0
Ratan Tata back as interim chairman certainly sentiment wise it's gud but equally uncertain that what has gone so wrong wid Mr Mistry which resulted into this sudden so big decision..	0
"Central Government Act Article 48 in The Constitution Of India 1949  48. Organisation of agriculture and animal husbandry The State shall endeavour to organise agriculture and animal husbandry on modern and scientific lines and shall, in particular, take steps for preserving and improving the breeds, and prohibiting the slaughter, of cows and calves and other milch and draught cattle.  If someone can't respect the law of this land is free to get lost from this soil. No offense."	0
Film is not of actors..they are just character..Film is primarily of director..	0
"Mira Rajput: An upperclass, upper-caste Delhiite who (arranged) married a guy much older (although rich) than her straight after college, never EVER having any obligation to work and earn money, or finding the need/ambition to become anything bigger than a stay-at-home mother shuns feminism and working women? SHOCKING! *yawn* if I took advice from celebrities on how to run my life, I would maybe end up like her. Thank God I know better."	1
being responsible is what required from congress...bjp should be unbiased in its approach	1
He is cheating Idian public	1
As you were wrong by not making your party then........ It's time to regret....	0
India army should gundown all terrists pak pigs from pok do it now all Indian support and prayers are with our Indian army	1
Isn't it hypocrisy bro . Ppl are dying . Standing in the queue.  N u are telling me the prime ministers mother doesn't have money or ppl to exchange notes for her .?? Its a publicity gimmick.	0
Monetary  &    Fiscal.  Both. The. Measures  are. Running.  Smooth.  At.  Present.  Credit. To. Regulate tray. Mechanism.	0
"actullay he is mentally retarted person ,he should be bring in kashmir so that a good leson will be taught to this rascal."	1
Will Sensex & Nifty  see further down side?  And is it right time to buy Good Stocks?	0
But Mohammad M Raza what i am saying they should have not responded at this.	1
Respect to aull indians.... Jobless ... Cant sleaap well... I dnt like him	1
"Because 3 of them coming from china   Lol"	1
What's your Target for project completions this year for Highways in Particular ?	0
We shud salute this brave n nationalist man.it is a lesson to all.Communalists shud refrain to paint the Indian Muslims in bad colour.	1
You need watch part 1 asap so we can go watch part 2	0
Did u count the heads.... Entire Tamil nadu is against PETA. We people's have a culture... Don't spoil that in the name of law....Ban PETA in India.....	1
"Agree, she makes a ridiculous statement.  Working moms don't think their kids are puppies..."	1
"time for luxury ......relay the program in luxury time .....  is that sushma swaraj is the right candidate for president ....?   what about her fitness ...under gone kidney transplantation ....sir give some rest for sushma ji"	1
"I remember Japanese fan doing that during last FIFA world cup, now am wondering if Mizo's are decedent's of Japanese during World War II in famous battle of Kohima between Britishers and Japs 😝😝😝 P.s. Pun intended"	0
18hours a day u think of dis country.....opposite od dis opposition wastin der 18hours to find allegation on u.....u d bestest....people used ti say us bhakt.....v r proud of dat..	1
"🏇🚴🏇 ρσωєяєd ʙʏ Hijran Ahmad 🏇🚴🏇  :|] Kia keh Dia Zalim 🏡 India TV :|] 🏡 Monday 📆 1 📆 May 📆 2017 🏡 Gul Hassan 🏡 CH Botters 🏡 India TV 🏡 :)  I Am On Fire :)  3 minutes ⏰ 48 seconds ⏰  🏡 Personal Bot By  Hijran Ahmad 🏡 site: DIL-WALY.TK 🏡"	0
"Vemula Karthik we Hindus here eat beef and beef is mostly not from cows. So what is with you people and beef? And we dont start thinking about religion for each and every trivial issue like what to eat. It's only been coming up recently. Parties like iuml and bjp trying to incite communal violence as they see no other way to destabilize Kerala. But they haven't had much luck yet."	1
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?	0
Why paper leak menace is growing?  The teachers and the schools are hardly serious of teachiny during the academic session. No discipline. Students resort to unfair means to pass exams. The coaching Schools are mafias. The examination centers are sold. It is big racket as we read in papers. Many agencies are involved.	1
Hi Anuj what's your view on ceat tyre is it possible to hit 2000	0
Agent of bjp pleas go to hell😃😃😃😃	1
Stop all this as country prestige on test and enemy be taught lesson first at all costs and sacrifices.	1
Bank of England is ready to infuse £250bn of additional funds into the economy to help it tide over the economic crisis likely to be caused by Brexit.	0
On what grounds would the RBI circulate Rs5000 and 10000 notes? What's the math behind the multiplier effect? Sounds very vague when you say that!!!	0
RBL & Equitas for long term...I want to buy more	0
"Despite Rajeev Bajajs announcement,Eicher Motors closed at days High..any comments  ?"	0
Police is slave of government.	1
Good pass time during the phase of joblessness	1
Delhi too witnessed the hottest morning of the season in the past five years.	0
"Why she is crying? She is proud Pakistani artist.  She is not bollywood thing  :3"	1
HA HA HA Who will put him in jail? you should know MLAS even Corpotator are like kings here.	1
Won’t need a special session to pass the S-GST for State: Kerala FM	0
Really Mandir in Kashmir..U guyzz killed n dehomed 5lacs Kashmiri pandits...N destroyed lots of temples ..	1
Long live modi ji......the lotus will spread its fragrance this time🤗🤗🤗🤗	0
"Good that share market is coming to sensible level... Earlier talked about strong hands will vanish.There will be tremendous cleansing of businesses.Share market will punish them.It is good for common man.They will believe in hard earning and desist speculation."	0
"What is the use of naxalies in the country though they enemy of the soldiers... Why don't the government act for the complete vanish of naxalies."	1
Yogi Adityanath to be UP CM@Bandar ka haath mai ustraa..😂😂 Totaly wrong step by BJP. He just cant control his mouth &  involved in many controversies. Not a good choice at all..🙄👎👎👊👊	0
*Humas explodes on contact with infidel*	0
"Rightly said, no point of going back to the selection committee unless there is any clause !"	0
"I would have thought this Maulana would ask CM to open good new schools, a well equipped hospital with doctors and free medicines, provide safe drinking water for his locality, excellent roads, world class public toilets etc."	1
Hi Anuj brought  divis to days at 710 what to do and Tata motor dvr 275 any target	0
Yes and I can also never forget on how you tricked me and drove the SUV saying you are regularly driving.	0
Well Kashmir is on the boil! Even carpet bombing the place like VHP says won't save Kashmir! Tight situation now! Let's see whats upcoming in next few days!	0
Bigoted religious fanatics at least save d lyf of 1 animal which is far better dan ill-literates	1
Just shame Mr MLA  one day when you're not in power you will face same treatment till wait	1
"So, only Modi will be eligible."	1
Hitler was good for Germany like that modi is good for india	1
No it's not. It's a high rev bike. In no way similar to Bullet. It might end up expanding the sector.	0
More than 80% keralites like to eat beef...	0
Haĺlo shobana wen are u coming bk 2 Uganda we are missing u	0
Pak Army entered in Indian territory across 250 meters and Indian Army can't did anything...???	1
"Another prejudiced idiot who is putting the cart before the horse. Interesting thing, they opined in such a fashion as if an expert in socio-psychology. AND it is Indian Express bring forward such idiots."	1
Pak leaders and defence  forces have grown up drinking donkey milk not their mo----er .Their genetic component is to deny and tell lies. High time India puts them in their place .	1
He is our PM who has no ability to speak properly at International forum.	1
"Expect incentives for new age  vehicles operated on batteries, electricity, etc."	0
Opposition is opposing coz they are sitting there to oppose whether it is right or wrong. They have shut their eyes & Mind.	1
It was a complete set up by bjp government to show  turkey president what is going on	0
Den first act shld be taken on NDTV most worried channel for welfare of anti Indians nd terrorist😂😂😂	1
What to do?  We are seeing lack of Unity in India  among the people Make our Country like Israel 56  Islamic countries afraid of Israel.	0
The men who are understand about religion he should not be tell about religion.	1
Can the Internet Facebook twitter All other block this moron cry baby just barking like a mad dog get him admitted to psycho hospital	1
India headed by Namo & Co. perhaps does not deserve a governor like him.	0
Wonderful girls :)  Dipa Kurmakar also deserves more appreciations n encouragements... She didn't win a medal but won hearts of many... An inspiration to many :)	0
Shamefull comments from famous personality hurts.......	1
Screw both of them trollops	1
Wow..!!Now its time for Assam to face the ire of cow vigilantes..sounds great..!! So ur here to spread hatred amongst communities just for the sake of cows..!	1
Buddy  vikram we have lot of international friends dont worry about pak. Do some thing to  clean india 60% without toilet nation fuc...k	1
Good decision..from long tym  he is struggling and not performing	1
This would be the first time in the history of Nobel Prize that a bitch's name is being proposed along with HUMANS...!	1
"But only Cow slaughter is punishable in BJP rule. Wife slaughter, wiife swapping, multiple wives and also ''wife separation""  are permitted here."	1
"Do one more Notebandi  ,terrorism will be viped out of country."	1
Want to try cut 1 then decide we are impotent or not . Makes you hindu sa musalmani 😀	1
"I am not sure whether this is practical, but if you look at familiar spots frequented by people that will give an idea where it needs to be located. Also no one should be saying 'NO' to use the loo even if it's in private area, that is the way we can keep our environment clean."	1
Media only see mischief part not constructive approach as it see its importance in mischief making not public service.	0
"And you were watching the entire episode through your binoculars  Right!!!  Learn some logic and reason;though it could be a tall ask"	1
Joke of the century..  he is not worthy of being an mla also	1
Nodilla Inna.. have to watch 😃	0
"There r over 7 lakh people protesting in a silent way in the second longest beach of the world !! - THE MARINA, CHENNAI !! #BanPeta #JusticeForJallikattu"	1
Same I will die I am with you sir with my best wishes	0
Their are many things Rahul Gandhi don't know one thing is this the comment he made and another he is idiot and he will be and he will be idiot forever.	0
We r with you sir go ahead and also do one more thing by side to check all private school for why r they taking so much high fees with yearly raise more then 10 - 20%.	1
"Anna ji, lost all the credibility, he earned so far.. either he should be mum like president of India.. or he should join the politics.. he has  no right to say any political leaders of any party until or unless he is partisan to a political party"	1
Now there are quite a few with mediocre students who cannot keep up with the smart ones! Just like IITs in India.	1
"First, let every village and township has at least 6 toilets."	0
What sort of a justice is this when there is no concern for loss of jobs and loss of revenue ?  Didn't the govt have any advocate  to  represent it  in court? Was the order an ex parte one ?	1
getting married to guy ten years elder to u and while hes going places .. you stay home in the name of motherhood and homemaker is only something who got marid for chilling on someone elses hard money can do.. hard working independent gals have to work to fulfil dreams buy house gve good future and raise independent kids	1
"Don't u think, exactly this is the situation now, where everyone is bullish on nifty, 9k on cards, no1 thinks correction coming, certain bullishness ..... Isn't this the scene we should fear now...... Is this the time ? 😜"	0
"We are still paying for the mistakes of Gandhiji and Nehru,the same very day Pakistan proclaimed to be a Muslim nation,we should have declared ourselves as a Hindu nation."	1
he is a choosen by public not by goons.	0
Shahrukh Planning to quit smoking this is a news pls stop it	1
you and your total family members are thieves !!you have luted bihar and railway department !	1
"No they are not, but it's not cool when a software manufacturer leaves you hanging with an app that''s supposed to backup and restore your data stops working and they won't do a thing about it!"	0
exceeding of 50% reservation seats will be banned by the SC again. dont worry my Gen. caste friends.	1
Hats off to their lying skill	1
"Utter bs. He was sleeping all the while since GST is being discussed. They all are in deep slumber & taking a break on TV."	1
Yep the people of Palestine are living on the ( Jewish ) nation of Israel's land  PIRIOD the proof is all throughout Gods Word	0
He compared it with regard to infant mortality. Having 100% literacy rate doesn't give right to kill infants.	0
"Another joker, with poems, which will not understand by Delhi people's or kejrewal, all wants a meals of full ingredients, as they are michievents"	1
"If #Congress Wins its bcos of money,  If #BJP wins ist bcos of Tampered EVM.  Basically, #Congress doesn't trust technology, whereas #BJP doesn't trust our own people!"	1
HERE NO EAR SET BY GODS GRAZE ...THANK YOU GOD--> YOU SAVED ME FROM THIS NURSERY KID	0
Wht options left for students when state behaves like this ...thanks politicians for making education a business..	1
Nowadays Indian Express going through a seviour identity crisis that's the reason now they are posting this kind of idiotic posts.	1
how come none of those people seated there have not yet thrown something on to the stage	1
"Then what should he do Ek toh tumhe bachae bhi Army Pathar bhi maro tum unhe"	1
Sir ok we are growingup but my question is when stop caste reservation	0
Sad to see none of the photographers thr are bothered to click pictures of her	0
No share to be more than 5% and no sector more than 12%	1
What man he & look his visions out of imagination.	1
Ok...thats it! Im not listening to his songs again	1
"Pakistan Army did not commit any ceasefire violation on line of control or a BAT action in Buttal sector (  Indian Krishna Ghatti Sector )as alleged by India. Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are also false.  Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian."	0
"Abay Bharti we are Muslim we don't eat pig meat. We eat Gau mata's beef. Btw it slaughtering not cutting you illerate Bhakt."	1
Lol brother what are you talking  about...Ur comments make no sense	1
Logistics ... the government could have airlifted them from the minting sites!!	1
"Ya, the place where you are wrong is still being alive! Busy with making movies for the last 2 years, this zombie has suddenly woken up! Crap of a human being!"	1
#BJP #Congress are several decades old parties and naturally had a huge fund and resources accumulated... unlike #AAP which is kid party and starting jumping by any way illegal or immoral... but forget that they forgot their basic principal of their existence and stood so low that their god father #Anna started criticising...	1
Dipa Karmakar should hv also got d same appreciation as she was d 1st gymnast to represent India in d finals in Olympics.....but sadly no one stood fr her	0
"Sonia if my predicition goes right you will rmbr me right lol. Baby girl for you"	0
Its time now to deal Pakistan firmly..MFN (Most favoured nation)  status to Pakistan be immediately withdrawn apart from other strategic actions....	1
"//17-year old RSS worker Ananthu in Alappuzha, 20-year old BJP worker Nirmal in Thrissur, 44-year old BJP worker Jayakumar in Thrissur and a few others.// I think it is better to mention specifically who killed these BJP workers. otherwise they will definitely add these name to the incidents of 'brutal one sided killing' of BJP workers in kerala. it is sanghis and spreading lies is their game!"	1
"Wowwww its awesome, will be proud to share your catalogue range,  for my own developments all India ....... Just ping me on ...... Grt show 🇮🇳🌍🏪🏟🚥🌋☺🇮🇳"	0
Both hindus and muslims need to ignore and isolate people of both religion or any other religion who create hatred on religious grounds	1
"india -works by money , maffia , power . u.s it works on performance , talent"	0
I am from Kerala and I do not eat BEEF	0
If person is working hard for coming out from his depression but again and again he has to face same kind of situation then what are the solution behind this	0
I don't see any reason in my favor to pay the fee happily :/	1
The political leaders will say that it is so bad . We will take revenge.  But they will not.  Many more army men will die.	1
Richi Aggarwal ..the video is available on YouTube ..check it ..	0
Can someone tell me whn the take the bike out . So I can remove my pause	1
She did this for publicity and you punished this news for what?	0
Can we expect rally in infy and tcs along with Wipro tomorrow	0
"I Think People Of Kashmir Trust HM Enough, We Know Those Freedom Fighters Will Never Kill Civilians.. It Is A Work Of Indian Police... RIP To The Civilians :("	0
"And i guess you work for toi or ht,maybe."	0
"hahahha icj also said india couldnt satisfy the merit of this case  but until the complete desicion comes jadav can live few more days"	1
"I am desperately waiting when beloved Indians will see 10 Pakistani heads for 1 Indian head, 56 inch chest, Stop biryani diplomacy and love letters,Demonetization will end terrorism in the valley. Dear Govt. please implement what you said before Lok sabha election or it was also JUMLA."	0
"' Only murderous cpm is secular' what a joke !"	1
You are also support to terrorist organization RSS Mr.dhongi ji. Infact u born by terrorist organization	1
"Himanshu, u read my above comment where I shared what parameter for good stock to identify... There are many.."	0
GST shall exclude renewable energy sector - big impact seen in renewables ' costs if GST doesnt exclude them.	0
Pakistan a rogue state because today Pakistanis crossed the LOC and Raped the wife and daughter of Gen.RAWAT and safely escaped to Pakistan  minister of State PM's Office tell NDTV	1
This is the real topic but unfortunately we stuck in religion politics	1
First check d brain of digvijay singh and rahul baba😂😂😂😂😂	1
"If a conspiracy, why suspended?? Should have waited for the investigation."	0
FROM ONE COMPANY TO SIXTY COMPANIES> NO APPRECIATION>BAD LUCK. FALL WILL GET UNIVERSAL APPRECAITION !!!!!!!!!	0
"Amitj Aggar Dear Sir, this is a matter of choice as suggested by you to avoid mistaken identity. Pl let people apply your formula and than see the result."	1
Burhan vani was a freedom fighter  not a terrorist indian army is terrorist	1
"And it starts....So called medias biased opinions on people's verdict... Surprise us express...For a change give us un biased news and unblinkered opinions."	1
You are the best PM in our history we ever have grand salute	0
priya mehta leave this ppl i bet hal of this trollers morons don't even know what met gala is and its dressing code. our country has typical mindset. they critic something they don't even aware about. she is pulling off that style very well.	0
"I think one day not longer These Hindu Terrorist will be disappear from the  earth , especially good Hindus will kick them out from Politics to teach them lessons."	1
"Lol 😂if they open the gates of the  dam, water won't flow !! Maybe they should pump out the water and let it flow to tamilnadu!! That's the only way!!"	1
Who care what she eat... Even she eat poo we don't care	1
"Hello. It's not the link that is the problem, it's the RBI site itself. Hopefully should be back soon."	1
"Pakistan's Inter-Services Public Relation said in a statement, ""Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier, even Indian""."	1
"My last and final appeal to PM Sh. Modi Ji, let the war begin and get this over. daily we are facing such coward behavior from Pakistan. The same treatment required in Kashmir also, if any politician favor terror activity shoot them also declaring Terrorist. This should be over by now can't be tolerated any more. We all Indians are with you."	1
"The person who was once banned in the nation, is being shown the utmost respect by the same lawmakers who once opposed him. Ram ke leela hai mere bhai"	1
Pseudo-seculars will not support UCC & FP.	0
So Bahubali released on this beautiful day. So it's got the blessing of Lord Shiva it's an eternal movie nothing can take its place.	0
Rohan Garg is a fake profile. He is no garg	1
"Eyeing Indian Open Title, PV Sindhu Has Something New Up Her Sleeve"	0
"saar , U haven't noticed farmers drinking URINE.... during protest.."	1
"See Niyaz, if the noise troubles u then it is is a fact.. u should always try and explain to the temple authorities and get it reduced. I myself have reduced the noise of a hindu temple nearby.."	1
Is this due to the recent bold  steps taken by mr mists	0
"some kind of funeral going on.... Bajaj, you are launching a product, but it should not have been like a Funeral theme"	1
and if he was kidnapped from iran why dont u ask iran to formally protest against Pakistan for his abduction	1
BJP get Ready For 2019 election... Why You Don't ban early?	1
All indian muslims should be honest like him so that terrorist will be discouraged	1
we praying because we  love our ALLAH .ANY CONDITION WE MUST PRAY .IF U HAVE ANY PROBLEM WITH OUR PRAYING	1
Best way to talk with pak First kill you sent your body as a Messenger to them	1
"Hi , Can We expect NBFC to Rally more ... ur Views on LT Finance"	0
He has iron leg.  May be Sonia Gandhi is thinking to shift him to  MP.  Congress will never win elections in  MP.	0
India is already 25years backward. The damage is already been done.	0
but where is the road .....? ...obesity of indian roads cannot be seen by our govt officials	0
"Sagun go ahead,let him to do sadi,wt will u do with that."	0
Insane guys.. goons shuld be punished	1
"The biggest explosion of 2017. The big bang had never happened and never will * ₹₹ Free Join Other Business ₹₹ *  → If you want to get a job  → 10,000 to 50000 rupees from mobile ..  → Earn money every month, absolutely free  → champ cash from the Play Store  → Download your App  → Register.  → Enter the Referal ID - *371881*  → Helpline Whatsaap no - *9529389497"	0
Dialogue is un ending. Dialogue should be stoped and real action to be taken.	1
"Ahmed Razeen well said, but ignore the ppl who are paid to abuse,actually they are born to abuse and will end with abuse."	1
Need to corrected asap. Talent needs  rewards @ suitable time. Otherwise it moves other way around.	0
Who cannot understand Hindi then go to your country . Indias national language is Hindi n not English or Urcu	1
"Neha Singh I am not Abhilaashee of any certificate, I made a simple point that person writing this is suffering from a bias and cannot be taken as ""neutral"".... as far as ""Googling"" anything is concerned... Google itself is not Credible source..it only throws out the result based on what is available on internet... there are lot of troll websites making numerous claims and counter claims... so until I know what is ""source"" of information, I can't comment on it.."	1
"The more they criticizes the better he will do, the so called liberal media will actually help him do better by criticizes him"	1
"Now we have our very own Taliban, all those TV channels must be gratified to create an atmosphere of terror. Police should be informed and this should be taken very seriously."	1
"Visit chennai once , no electricity from last Monday , yesterday evening got power in some area , no ATMS working due to poor network ,swipe machine also not working , then we could make digital india with this kind of situations , if we speak people's say anti terror, when truth comes also nobody will understand"	1
Sir we are thinking this is the begining...... MODIJI. WE WANT MORE SUCH ATTACKS ON BLACK......	0
Kashmiris also not against people of india but Indian occupation	0
Satnam Singh  joke of the year. Gi to delhi . Work speaks more than mouth	0
I am with Sonu on this. Loudspeekers should be banned and it should be allowed only by Govt. Authorities when the need arises. No religious or cultural festival should be allowed to use loudspeekers.	1
"Communist favour For CHINA,  Congress favour for SONIA , Sonia favour for VATICAN, ovasi favour for Arabians ."	1
Follower of MODI N HISS RSS HINDU IDEOLOGY. ..SO SUCH STATEMENTS ARE OBVIOUS TO APPEAR FROM SUCH HINDU PERSONALITIES	1
I just checked nothing working as mentioned in the website	1
Coming of age? So much praise for this performance and people used to  made fun of us when we just scored marks to eligible for grace marks.	1
CBN is the best visionary true leader to save us from the looters and cheaters from politics. HE is the great visionary true leader in India	0
Ha ha means then india is terrorism support country india feed Isis terrorist for spreading violence in peaceful world . shame on you .. Indian	1
this is my idea -refer my comment 2012 -from chanikya	0
Throw them out of India as well	1
Demontisation is completly failed   Lack of proper planning and Uncontrolled Bank Officials.  COMMON MAN HAS TO SUFFER.	1
Rajdeep-MONARCHY   ...you can stop me ...you cannot block me ....read my comment in  cnbc	0
Question remain to be answered is if it's incl of all taxes or exclusive.	0
Bjp cross half way mark in Uttar Pradesh  and forms govt	0
any thing happens to indiots they start blaming Pak. why would they cross loc and mutilated? and if they did then how can indiots claim they did surgical strike? and returned safely?	1
Ur joining might hv made app right.so u r wrong in ur decision	1
Remove article 370 to end terrorism	0
whether Q2 expected to be good for bank stocks Q2 result start from South indian bank tomorrow	0
Who  will do the forensic audit of the bank auditors !	1
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
Guy kills someone and casually claims he killed a Muslim. This is the problem with gun ownership. People can be trained to use gun but how can you make sure everyone who uses the gun have a rational mind. You can't! And when you have an irrational President who day in and day out angers people you can only hope not too many of this happens.	1
"He is the same General, who gave a threat to all Kashmiris few days back."	0
"Yeah. In terms of Bombay blast, Kashmir massacre"	1
SK Bill Carney I pity ignorance such as yours.	1
Anna should be thankful to Modi Govt for not issuing any report against him.	0
"Totally agree... Undue credit waste if money, whereas those who are actual talent struggling and facing notoriety of casting couch had to leave industry as film makerslike karan johar etc patronize them to leave industry. I would like to tell please stop making bogus family drama movies.🤗"	1
One bogus is complaining against the other because of jealousy...	1
Fathered by Bangladeshi Muslim ??	0
"China bans Muslim names like ‘Saddam’, ‘Jihad’ for newborns in restive Xinjiang"	0
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	1
Thanks guys for your inputs and have a great weekend. This was an expiry week which took everyone by surprise	0
We will see a new battle btwn Tata sons and shapoorjees..	0
It was Cong which mentioned dog where did Modi come into this ?	0
"2 wrongs don't make one right. All these malpractices in the name of religion should be stopped."	1
"Poor people are suffering a lot, don't have money to eat,  farmers are in trouble because of your terrible decision"	1
"PM take the crocodiles from the nation out !! We are with u"	1
So true this old man is funded by rss and bjp	1
"what the ""F"" ....y he touching his feet....India is decomcratic republic which believe politicians are servants of the Common people.... But here .... Really disappointed :/"	1
This man has killed more poor indians in his 50 days then Pakisthani killed Indian jawan in last one year in Kashmir. This demonetization show is nothing but a big strategy to influence on UP election.	1
"Modji do something. Otherwise, your popularity will come down. We don't want to hear your lecture. Do something now."	1
Dogs r more loyal than  u Azam ..u r worst creature n u belongs to the same who r destined to lead a life in the DESERT mistakenly u pple  r here in India total mismatch ...India tried hard to domesticate u pple  but failed coz of u pples  upbringing (NOMAD).	1
This is nothing to do with Islam or Azaan. Don't blare loudspeakers for any purpose	1
"Muhammad thank ur stars u born in India and u can criticize openly Try doing it in Pakistan they will cut your"	0
Stop ur comments .....lol ppl start writing even before the guy starts his speech	0
Who is this Shirish Kunder???	0
Humans life is important than animals assaulting nd abusing them for the sake of an animal is not right bro	1
He is only Dick .	1
There was a news item a few days back about Wipro laying off 600 employees??	0
"true, former PM speaks true . and today he spoke all fact things."	0
Tata Group could look at buying out Shapoorji Pallonji's stake in Tata Sons to end the dispute: Tata Counsel	0
"✔India's No. 1 Work From Home Job No Investment Required, 🕚Only 2-3 hours working and earn ⏩Rs 500 - 1000 per day. Totally Geniune.  We need serious candidates,Type ""JOB"" and send on this WHATS APP number +918444867178"	0
Sonu Ji. Where have you been all these years aab jaagey ho ?.Mean its Warning Sign That You're Finally Getting Older	1
Are you reporting or giving information. The details of the position of armed forces of India to someone	0
Hats off to Rajamouli sir for creating this	0
"India has terrorist camps in Afghanistan..13 Indians were killed in MOAB attack..what were they doing in ISIS camps...Y is India in Afgnanistan, they don't have enough toilets in India..."	1
Vasa Madhukar Never for the wrong reasons. I had stood with him very firmly during Gujarat riots.	1
Hpw much is actually spend...u know how Deepa  took training...then where do the crores go...	0
When successor performs better than the long term founding chairman!!!!! Result	0
It will seriously affect common man and not well thought decision	1
View on rbl bank can we buy at current level	0
VYAPAM scam biggest scam of all say something please no lies😂	1
Media needs experts of various objects for more transparent news!	0
Anurag Taneja read this ...😍	1
@ Devendra Singh this is another possible positive to share	0
She didn't mean the other babies are. Cmon. She was just referring to her own baby. And since it's her first child it's very obvious she's still learning to be a mother.	1
Good move by #Dhoni to quit from ODI & T20 captainship which will enable him to be a #mentor to youngsters and to be a transformational leader to create many more #match #winners and match #winning #captains for #INDIA. Every Cricket match is a project which goes through risk mitigations. Similarly several such risks mitigations recorded in this book. http://www.amazon.in/dp/1946515019/	0
"HyDer Khoso  Pakistan army has terrorists and rules of war don't apply for terrorist. Now your terrorists will patrolling along the border will be in constant tension and fear of ending up being beheaded"	0
"My request to all Indian political leaders, Stop affection to minority politics. If you have a talent & good intention to serve public you will win. Nobody stop you."	1
Congrats Sherren.  U r a family member for me.	0
"And at the time of your god there was loudspeaker that you are playing daily bhajan in loudspeaker , well done bro! Your thinking capacity is too high😛 !"	1
people he is not addresing us he is motivating his team members ...and also telling not o repeate that again	1
Nice Initiative Sir..I don't understand why doctors are targeted in each matter..	0
Not low it's too low . One judge for 1lac people. This is the situation of Our country	0
And he will either have a luxurious life in jail or else he will live it outside. That's the power of our ' Incredible India '.	0
"Demonitisation  like a  medicine, it might be sour  but slowly and steadily"	1
BJP🃏🃏🃏🃏 Leaders are too Greedy. They have Looted all Indian population Money by DEMONetisation of Indian Currency Note of ₹1000 & ₹500.	1
IT's about finding unique career field. Will be good career choice ?Inspiration for the youth of India.	0
"Loot of people's mandate, is it democracy?"	1
The problem is that we are dealing with a barbaric army using jihadi tactics.	0
"Q. Was the window open A. Yes the window was open. Chanda Kundra you may like this and will help u go down memory lane.  Baikunthi Devi Paraulia Kanya  Mahavidyalaya"	0
"A must watch movie, art of story telling and the character representation is just amazing. Creating a history to present it to the mass of people with expectation is the achievement."	0
"Look: stop cursing him! Pray for him instead. He is poor. He is suffering from down syndrome. He is in a dire need to be heard. His career graph is in nose diving mode. He is restless. He is desperately seeking attention from the ""Sangh Parivar"" to be adjusted in the Rajya Sabha and all that. He fears lest Abhijit wins the Sanghi heart before he wins.  Thank you"	1
"Report Card of the Present PM, HM & NSA #ModiWeakestPMEver"	0
"Anna ji is a simple and respected Senior, and the clever politicians are misguiding him. Presently he is not in the know of things and once the true picture is clear to him, he'll change his views. He doesn't need to join AAP or any other Political party. He just needs to give his blessings to the youngsters."	0
Ramdev don't teach enmity between the countries. Do some yoga for the control of emotions	1
"India should send their brave Gau-Rakshaks to Pakistan, to lynch Pakistanis, like they lynched Aghlaq Khan , to retaliate for these murders and mutilation."	1
Mr. Shashi Taroor...please show that you are more capable than Modiji. The very next moment people will support. Just because you opposition guys can't beat him democratically .....don't talk nonsense. Indians are now very smart. They choose honest performance. And you should develop that field of honesty and capability. Nothing else will work. Make no mistake.	1
Fools on the roll.  May God bless India	1
These ads talk about flavour also! Don't forget this side too. STD and flavour talks!!	1
JP is answerable and responsible to deliver the flats already delayed by years. Govt. Action is required urgently.	0
I have one lack wich sector is good for invest	0
Paid media never believe anything against Mr Kejriwal doesn't matter what kind blame	0
"So sasikala is still the queen in abdication  What a farce politics in Tamil nadu"	1
I did not like the way  bajaj has launched this bike	0
Good evening.. after sbi results should we buy? I dont think results are that bad	0
Indeed they are genuine and true Freedom Fighters hats off to them	0
What about banking stocks .... will bank nifty will correct..?	0
Air pollution bound to stay with us for ever. this has become part of indian culture.	1
There were a fear of isi now here comes BAT	1
"Situations are different, on the field and off the field. Mixing em up is stupidity."	1
CNBC why asking from people when your journos are experts	1
hahahahahahhahahaha india is trying to entertain there stupid idiot nation	1
"Cow ban - no forced religiousness  An old man beaten to deat on doubtful grounds by cow vigilants - no forced religiousness. Day and might concerts with loud speakers : no forced religiousness. Use of loud speakers on navratre/ganesh chathurthi/holi/ jagran : no forced religiousness. 1 min azan : forced religiousness  We muslims can give up cow meat for our hindu friends!! No big deal, but such horrendous statements by hindu celebrities are disgrace to secular status***"	1
"Rajkumar And here come the abuses like clockwork. Yes we are right wingers. Anyday, we'd rather be that than traitorous left wingers. Frankly, left wing terrorists are a bigger threat to India, even more so than Islamic terrorists. And certainly more so than fringe right wing groups that are woefully unorganized, and useless!  https://swarajyamag.com/politics/urban-naxalism-strategy-and-modus-operandi-part-1"	1
As if these things didn't happen at all during the goondaraj	1
"this guy is specially designed to interview prescribed repoting,  very diabetic ;) :D"	0
"It is surprising how these jihadis know the words budget, revenue, currency, management......because these shits know only jihad, kaafir, sharia and nothing else!"	1
"I have a feeling a significant portion of the Rs.5 lakh crores of 2000 rupee notes must have gone to some shady launderers, political parties and other thugs while crores of Indians sweated it out just to get one or two 2000 rupee notes."	1
"Pakistan is a charity case anyways , but they only accept gift from there master ."	1
You wear a lion dress but inside body totally pig like street pig	1
Working with amara raja co.aa a dealer for powerzone battery in ghaziabad u.p. since jan 2013. Feel proud to work with this co.	0
But hazzare ji what u did after that???  #neutral# no social movement	1
"Dear CNBC video graapher, pls stand up from ur seat"	1
Hindus and other religions were also died...It was agitated by ruling party and local goons	1
"I see no dumbheads here supporting demonetisation or modi. Are they accepting the failure of govt."	1
Another one in the pack... He's just woken up.. Or does the media wake him when they are tired of the same stuff 😀	1
"Wrong prediction& perception . Think positively ,it may b a good opportunity if properly planned by our eminent economists."	0
"He is accused, don't turn him into guilty. You are not judge, so stop trying to perform judicial functions."	0
"Trying to stop beef eating in Kerala ( Somalia) , well keep trying. The somalians will stuff beef in your mouth and kick you out."	1
"I saw the video. The speach looked like a comedy show of Russel peters. He names some congress men and the audience laughing. Does he full fill any charecters of a PM?. When the country is in a huge financial trouble and oppostion is accusing him of bribe, he should answer to the point with proof. These kind of sarcastic reply is unprofessional."	1
experts of what ...making samosa ......discover yourself ....that is the purpose of life ........	0
u people never change.... u got it what i mean...??	0
No need of cleaning the floor.. ;) multi purpose gown. ;)	0
"Encounter Between Terrorists, Security Forces In Chilli Pora Area Underway"	0
Unable to log into Netbanking mobile app on IOS. Only web browser logins are going through. NEFT transaction to account is getting blocked.   I recommend HDFC Bank account holders to be careful about their accounts or else shift to a better Bank. Probably US Republican and Shiv Sens are interfering with the Banking system that's why HDFC BSE listing is loosing money. #cbi #police	0
India is not join because India have already many mega project which is greater than cpec for India (like direct trade with other countries and make in India project.....and India have not much profit in cpec )	0
Go beta dhoni is waiting ....	0
He is Rajput  DNA  👍    just wait and see bro . He know  how to handle  state.  💜	0
"https://www.facebook.com/pages/i-will-be-sayin-bye-bye-2-facebook-if-they-start-charging/123883904305285?fref=ts , Hi friends Its important for us, Its a cheating with all public from facebook, first fb said that facebook is free and always etc etc, then what is this charging some amount for inboxing? Public didnot like this kind of cheatings, we have to protest against this kind of cheating from facebook with innocent public, ""Stop charging money on facebook"""	1
When are we ready to welcome Nifty at 9000 and then 9300!!	0
Now it's time to celebrate one more black day again in Karachi...	0
look at ur face looser😡	1
"""Sambavami yougay yougay"" .an evil dream in the contemporary period. Non stop kalachakra  Will wash of the dirty face. Ever lasting glory &pride of  barath  maths Will continue for ever.""vantheymatharam""."	0
CBN is great administrator I pray God to keep him fit and energetic	0
Why you are showing these. Drones aren't even allowed in India	0
Farmers gonna make money and intermediaries are gonna be unemployed...	0
"Why rupee is weaking ,we all know  5 lakh crore not back ,should that not boost up?"	0
Why rane brakes  is down  after giving  such good  results..any views	0
"Now it is higer & higher time , at any cost do attack on pakistan, there is no onther way to peace in india"	1
Nthng wrng c said abt karan johar he did it so he has to accept it	0
It is the legacy that SP and BSP have left  after years of rule.Their arrogance and treachery will not be forgotten easily	1
"greater flamingo news -Flamingos are filter feeders which means they take in water and food, and then the water is expelled from the body....so all ""flamingos are requested to use filter ""-unified payent interface a luxury ...cross learning comment  ."	0
"Well written specially..""drama and disruption don’t help economies grow. Economies grow when you put more children in school, improve the quality of teachers, boost public health and create an economy that is based on competition and meritocracy. There are no short cuts to growth and equity."""	0
Bjp & ss made conspiracy to gain sympathy of voters.	1
"Kashmiris are already free. Those who still want freedom, u can take them to ur home."	0
she truly was a great politician.....no one could become like her.....hats off to her personality tht she created among peoples for her state	0
I visited 5 atm but I cont able to withdraw from money..not working..	1
"Sanghi Mahatma has done nothing but successfully dent UPA image , he has not a word to say against current govt not implementing Lokpal or any other issues but gunning after AK because he left his farcical Sanghi satyagraha to actually go political and do something for people , remember how all political parties were after AK saying that it's easy to shout from outside if you want to make a difference join politics and when he did all started gunning for him"	1
Condemn mutilation but What were they doing in Pak territory? Surgical strike? Provide them washrooms in unit..	1
"Dnyanesh Kanvinde Where u watched on zee news india tv or abp and aajtak All of these channels r whom????? Everybody knows Go and check supreme court judgement the shouting was done by abvp #sanghi 😂😂😂😂😂👋👋👋👋"	0
just wasting the hard earned money of public... highly criticise such kind of act! y the hell they r paid so much..	1
Too good Megha... Keep it up. All the best. Love you... 😊👍👌	0
Gopal Vicky I'm Indian n ur holding Supreme Court verdict for ransom by protest. U can appeal again in the court n wait for final decision.	0
You are very truthfull and you got a certificate that you are an indian. :) like these people having certificate with 11 cases of murder etc. Google it.	1
Very sad news heart broken news why only 2 should b more 2 is not enough keep it up guys next more inshALLAH..	0
Problem with some of the anti modi journalist is that they are running away from reality what they think and write in their column is only their  bias opinion which has no impact on masses one senior editor of Maharashtra went extreme and said bjp will come third after sp and bsp after his so called extensive travelling In UP during election these are the ones who are not analysing situation and are now shocked to see outcome further salt to their wound was rubbed with appointment of yogi	1
"That's not funny, Idk why this has the laughing face, what's the point of messing up their bodies like that other than to torture their parents and familes, I feel bad for those familes"	0
"The worst is yet to come... In UP the law and order situation is not under police hands it's controlled by Hinduthwa goons. If things are heading this way the impact is going to be disastrous!"	1
We have already given them reply in surgical strike they r rats in front of g8 army...They send their terrorist fight with all of them will b send to hell	1
again not getting answers for tougher questions .....  is tv18 banned from tradin in fno or network 18 same like ril ....as its the promoter of tv18	0
"What he spoke on last friday was not as PM of our nation, but just as a congress leader only..so immature even after 9.5 years of ruling."	1
"BJP Govt need only foreign money from Indian workers in abroad But Not take care of them   Where is sushma? VK sing and Indian embassy?"	1
Is actually Kassab hanged and died natural death out of Dengue? We have doubt and govt should release video evidence to prove that Kassab was actually hanged.	0
"Respect all religion sir, after all we all have to die, and after death there will be no disturbance and will be complete silence."	1
"Trump = Netanyahu = Erdogan = Modi = Duterte all are elected by people democratically but having signs of dictators. Now cry, kamBHAKTon!"	0
"Rumi VP frankly saying he has not given the verdict from SC of Pakistan. Hanging order's his given by military court and ICJ have no control on military court's for your kind information."	0
Prasad Desai  Saint Sanghis.. shut up and get lost 😏	1
.. our soldiers' sacrifice wont go into vain.... PM Sir Modiji.. We hope you do something these kind brutals wont happen again.. MARTYRS WISHED THAT THEIR SACRIFICES BE THE LAST AND EVERYONE LIVE IN PEACE...! AND ARE WE CHEATING THEM?	0
Jubilant life sciences has a very high PE.  Any view on fresh buys considering an investment?	0
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*B.J.P ❌❌"	0
Hi Sonia bought Rel .Capital @ 575. Please suggest sold or hold	0
"Sir, some terrorist mulla's r nt feeling good bcoz thr funding hv stopped."	1
Revenge........Don't Discuss on news only do something otherwise today they entered 200 ms next will be Delhi.	1
Anna ji u stil hv time y don't u join #bakwasjumlaParty may b dey appointe u as presidential candidate 😂 😂 😂	1
To deal with them as it was announced on 8th November 2016....DEOMONITISATION....what happened... Every channel and anchor is shy of questioning.....	0
B.F of your son Madam.	1
"An ambassador not having an international debit card, we should slam Russia for this...  😂  And these stupid news channels."	1
From past 10 days I have been typing here Markets will fall	0
"Gundaraj of Owaisi in Hyderabad.  Gau rakshaks are kid in front of your islamic organizations like Isis, al Qaeda, lashkare"	1
Every indian has freedom of expression...	1
"Fool....  Not even your government is not worth to print notes with out mistake.  What hard work is this"	1
"Again he is lying, when Gurmehar already clarified that she didn't opt her father's martyrdom for this protest."	1
"Well....one less educated person in Parliament.......one more vacancy to be filled up by ""Shakha"" educated people😎"	0
"Tell Shri Shri to give aome spiritually to the terrorists, like he said it needs for Farmers"	0
Capture a bunch of porkies & castrate them before sending them back to their....	1
"DEMONETISATION ==> CONSTITUTIONAL BENCH ✔  ==> Honourable Supreme Court of India is RIGHT. ==> From now on, Constitution of India will look after the DEMONETISATION ✔"	0
"She is working good with BJP. She will rescue all who stuck in AAP or Congress or any other party.   🙏"	0
"Yes performance is a big question, but then how could the stocks of the group companies  appreciate after 2012  the time when Cyrus Mystry took over"	0
I wish people had that mindset as my husband has. God has actually blessed him with a very clean mind and a gentleman's heart. He doesn't judge people for anything like u blockhead Noel Cyril Lazaro	0
As expected from you...An unconventional exit.... Nothing can replace you	1
"Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity."	1
Khangress purchased JDS whole sale.	0
You are right.  This guy is trying to change Turkey into an Islamic state and unfortunately he will easily succeed because of the Muslim mentality.	1
"Maxwell is tottly poor in mind and wealth,,,, plz ignore this poor man,,, who said our pm ,,, tea man"	1
only a difference of 3 seats b/w SS and BJP....u call that massive victory??😂😂	1
"What the ***** were police doing, just watched"	1
Pappu is on leave till next election :D	1
Bloody idiot BJP does not need to target you or Kejri you guys target yourself	1
"For us,  Beef Jaan se Pyari hey. In that way we are BJP, at least once in a week 😉"	1
Expect ????? Show the bike remoter baad mein start with changing the camera men	1
and should I follow the big ticket traders for stock buying	0
"As elections are over, let us see the whole DEMONETISATION issue through the eyes of CHANDRABABU NAIDU Ji & NILKANJi (Conceptor & Implementor of ADHAR !! ) supported by Electronic Clusters in Central India infused with US's TRUMP CONSERVATIVE POLICY having eyes upon 2019 🌝✔"	0
I think he is right...Gundagardi in name of religion should be stopped..	1
Go back n open tea stall. ..u don't deserve to rule this country	1
Now u will see the reaction which have never been heard from Indian side .Pakistan has already broken in to parts now U will see Pakistan in world map understand .Pakistan have left his own soldiers in ladakh have u forgot it	1
Kinder joy chocolate I know but I don't who is dis another chocolate guy and why newspaper like indian Express covering him ... Must be paid newz ...	1
"Really Good initiative by Govt.of India, but what about the BIG Businessman... it should affect them in first place..and then all the Political Leaders including BJP. If they all converted the money into $ already then again poor will be poorer ..rich will be richer.."	0
Arrangement is made through administrative process.. not by personal choice of doctor u fool👆🏻 @tomar.	1
"I debate that the decision is correct but what is being done to improve implementation, why not run 50000 mobile van with ATM for Villagers. Daily money should be send via the mobile vans to the far flung areas especially villages."	1
Only our Muslim brothers passing on the negative messages about our PM	1
want to sell 2 lot of crude oil as intraday	0
"My son this is not 1971 and a brigade of our army is not combatting with the cowards of a whole country...  Its basically party time...  Punjab,  Nagaland, Assam and Kashmir will be separated"	1
I respected ur voice...u proved that u r not the follower of Mohd. rafi.....even rafiz could have slaped  on u on this statement.....wat about ur concerts....wat about ur songs wen people play on their weddings....shame	1
Dividing India by false propaganda must become a jailable nonbailable  offense so that people are more careful about what they write or say!	1
"💢 Bot User 💢 Xingh Kannu 💢   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB-XD.TK «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
"Muslim in India deserves reservation. It is their right. They are attacked all over India because they arent in mainstream."	1
They have sacrificed their lives for the nation and their death dhould not be go in vain.A strong retaliation be carried on agsinst Pakistan.	0
Sorry what i am mentioning about this context. My worry as a customer of Axis bank what really happening in this bank officials are involved in too many money laundering and fraud way helping the black money converted to white. What control you have inside the bank. Do you not have any control in the city or branch level.  I dont understand why you are not come publicly and give cofidence to customer. we are worried to keep funds with your bank.	0
"China bans Muslim names like ‘Saddam’, ‘Jihad’ for newborns in restive Xinjiang"	0
Will interest rate cut also help capital goods sector. ..any good pics to keep eyes on ?	0
Kaleem Bukhari i wish such toys were there in the era of harami tharaki 1400 years back... u know what i mean ... Kaleem Bhikari..	1
that was a guest who got molested when they switched the lights off	1
"Anuj your view on delta corp, when will the bull run start for this stock,very very good fundamentals."	0
What about Shilpa Medicare running up over Rs. 40 has it already reached to its fair price as of today?	0
How dare one police officer can argue with senior MLA that too of ruling party. Police cannot insult MLA who is elected by the people and has to support his people. Police officer should be immediately sacked for misbehaviour.	1
It was a shame Modi did not address the parliament - for the first time the thought crossed my mind - is Rahul and Kejriwal are correct in their criticisms	1
Azam Baba. Care for your language.	0
Very democratic response by the Aviation Minister. No one is above law....	0
Maya Patel loudspeaker not started at 4.30 am.	1
Hi Sonia bought Reliance capital @ 472 and what will be the impact on NBFC of demonetization	0
"500gms for Married women, 250 gms for Unmarried women, 100 gms for men. Further,Legitimate holding of jewellery upto any extent is fully protected."	0
Yess thats we want...come on pick Rahul Baba as a challenger in 19 😂😂😂😂	1
"See bhakts trolling cos they haven't got courage to reply it with logic....chetan ""bhagat""....haha"	1
One community has started killing humanity in the name of Cow as one community was killing humanity in the name of Allha seems we Hindus too has started humiliating humanity	1
Hey Anuj ! Pls share your views on Tyre Stocks	0
Good decision by pakistan & soon pakistan will good bye to SAARC In Sha Allah.No more relations with india in any level be good for pakistan INDIA is our enemy for ever & show no mercy for INDIA.Because india is the killer of kashmiri generations.	0
Subhash Sachdev yeah because we already gave you injection as like surgical strike	1
Reliance Acquistion effect: CNBC-TV18 becomes sopkesperson for Ratan Tata. Instead of taking only welspun issue why not discuss issues raised by Cyrus Mistry.	0
"Two spokesperson will do the talking, two deputy CM to immediately take over if required, but danger lies with arrogance of spoke persons."	1
"Arn""t bullocks family of cow"	0
U r comparing a once in a year festival to 5 times daily... crazy ppl	1
This selfish mad dog who married Farah Khan double his age only and only for money should first introspect himself before saying anything .	1
Seriously NO we don't want movies like kick and ek that tiger	1
i cant believe its u sonu.. i was hardcore fans of urs b4 ur tweet.	1
some arabic disgrace....use pork piss Son And have pork tikka then with some pork nihari.....as per chapter number 47 verse 99	1
"Bjp is not hindu raj, but only possible raj now."	0
In five years power BJP Talks on single Issues that is Beef bain.....Look at Modi Changing india from 0 to 0	1
Just see what happening in ur state so many Hindu thinkers and RSS sevaks were killed if possible change ur mind and way of thinking	1
Some chutiyas have just realized that India is a superpower.. India became a super power well before this chaiwala assumed office.	1
He should start protest at Jantar mantar Delhi against his so called shishya Kejriwal.	0
How is your  question relevant to the context of this post gentleman?.can you be little more elaborate?	0
please advice about Bank nifty & how the NPA will benefit for PSU Banks ?	0
"Very true. Butt times change. This Demonetization move is a case of ""organized loot and legalised plunder during your regime""."	0
"What if after taking money from bank and you are looted by criminal on gun point, still will Govt reimburse .... don't  spread such foolish thought"	1
"Sir , please do something for government employees who take bribe"	1
Real estate investments are the top bet in India: John Studzinski	0
He has lost his mental balance..need to admit him in mental asylum !!	1
Thn wt is modi doing ha sir he is making people lyk u as vote bank	1
Venky - has to KMA Modi every now and thenn to keep his job as minister. He lost the 12014 election by a huge margin and then sneaked in through the back door - India is the only democracy in the world that allows defeated politicians to become ministers - utter disbgace when these fakes start sermonisung .	1
why dont they distribute pork meat also	1
Nice to see you with the assignment ! All the best Wishes..	0
Wish this was not live and  cud have just skipped this	0
"AS D CASE IS IN D COURT. NOW LET D JUDGE DECIDE WHAT IS TO BE DONE NOW. THAT IS WHY WE HAVE COURTS N POLICE STATIONS TO GIVE JUSTICE TO D CITIZENS OF INDIA. GIVE UR VALID REASON FOR UR TROUBLES N EXCESS MONEY. THEN IF D COURT FINDS IT REASONABLE DEN D POLICE MEN INVOLVED SHOULD BE SACKED FROM HIS JOB AND D POOR MANS MONEY MUST BE EXCHANGED N RESTORED BACK TO HIM."	1
Employment opportunities for youth is there in these plan ah	0
Happiness is the least valued stuff in India...	1
Present government is incapable of taking any action against our enemies	0
MILITARY OR PARA MILITARY .. . WHO CAN STOP THE GREAT POWERS TO  DO HUMAN RESHUFFLING .. . THIS SHUFFLING IS GLOBAL .. . BY THE WAY	0
Recent developments in political arenas in Panjab & UP indicating incoming of a highly politically populist General Budget in Feb'2017 (if EC allows) ✔	0
"I agree with Manmohon Singh sir, this decision of Modi sir is ambitious but the decision must be implemented well."	0
"Shame on Paytm ,Reliance Jio Money ,Visa and Master  for thriving on the misery heaped upon over a population of1.25 billion by this insensitive government  to make money.Is it Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) which is a buzzword these days."	1
A person who is not able to look after the needs of his own mother.....will look after the nation????	1
We have abided by the Supreme Court order: Pawan Goenka	0
"And this comment is written by the guy who stays in Kerala... Paid commenter doing his job"	1
"Good move.  It ll be little difficult to be into this pattern at the beginning but in long run it ll produce great result. Looking forward for the good outcome.  I #support this change."	0
"Why we have to west time. Scrap LOC Ceasefire accord's 2014 NDA . Start surgical strike."	1
Why isn't anyone sending bangles to the PM. I remember a women who told that she will send a bangle to the ex pm last time when they attacked.	1
Wts the take on motherson Sumi for 3-4 month period?	0
"Well when junior men officer harassed by senior women officer. Then, media don't share this news."	1
This basted whenever open his mouth....It's seems a mad dog is barking ...Kaise kaise log politician ban jate h.....Bhaag saala	1
"Really Mr. Jack, then Plz reveal how much black money is destroyed, banks received around 99.8% of 1000, 500 notes back in accounts then where is the black money."	0
Vvvvvvv miss planed  move.  More loss to  nation business then the black money pm  Modi  talk about.	1
"Bankruptacy law should include daugter in law , brother in law ,sister in law , father in law  of the concerned bankrupt ....family Responsibility ..to avoid duck out govt can support -simple"	0
"This fat boy kim Looks like he ate an entire continent for lunch."	0
"One wonders if white Americans can differentiate between BanlaDeshi, Pakistani, Indian Hndu. Any crime is a e terribly  sad matter but to blame government does not seem right. Those Islamists engaged in terrorism are creating misery for innocent Hindus, Muslims and subcontinent origin Christians. Therefore if any thing, one must blame those Islamist indulging in terrorist activity because must eliminate such people."	1
Some of the responses here are worthy of review. Different viewpoints from different minds viewing the news in their own perspective. Interesting.	0
That's better reporting CNBC  i.e. covering non metro n rural India	0
How by anti romeo squad? Or bashing by goons in the name of religion.	1
"One of the best thing is GST council which contains all the Finance Minister for State and Union Territories Legislative Assembly , the most federal form where union and state working together in the best way possible !!!"	0
Priyaka husband is involved in scam so u want her to be pm	1
Try to enjoy Azaan or shift smwhere else bt Azaan cannt b stopped.	1
Your prophet Muhammad allowed mutilation of bodies of his enemies. Know your pisslam	0
"Docomo case, decreasing turnover, his more focus only on tcs"	0
Stupid of you for thinking on those lines ....sitting in Mumbai and enjoying the life	1
Secure.... hahahaha... my friends sister in law lost 5000 in paytm...	1
"China is hungry for land and main target of China is to occupy Baluchistan, Kashmir, Tibet has all ready captured"	0
"It's a failed philosophy and failed model.Latest example is Food  Riots and economic meltdown, 1000% inflation in Venezuela Country which has similar model."	1
I m sending my dick for yor daughter. .. she's gonna love it...	1
webcasting only technical issue imagine how the bikes technical issue would be god save bajaj :)	1
Muslim is never a peaceful communities.... bro action speaks louder than words	1
"Its just a publicity stunt ...y v r fighting here 4 someones disgusting fault.??? First of all v all r human beings n came in dis world by one parent....now if they were hindu den v all r hindu n if they were muslim den v all muslims or others.  If someone saying something to Allah den its muslims fault who dosnt tell him about  ISALM is dat religion which called SANATAN DHARM in india."	1
"Yes Riya biswas they are finding to do poltics in delhi had done danga in Kolkatta,Orissa & Now they are looking for kerala. But they don't know everywhere they are trying to do terrrorist activities they are getting tight Slap from that State CM. Respect for Kejriwal,Mamta Banerjee,KCR,lalu prasad yadav,Kerala CM,tamils & BJD party of orissa"	1
Anuj sir and Sonia mam please suggest. Should   we buy huge quantities of United spirits.will it become multibeggar	0
"Why new name??? Pulsar 400CC ll be better.  Pulsar is a hit model and name too..... ""Definitely male"" tagline is superb and it's better than its new tagline ""The Fastest Indian"" !   Dominar is not as much punching than Pulsar !!!  Anyways Good luck....   NB: Its not at all easy n not a good idea to have a competition with the Mighty Royal Enfield ! :p"	0
Worst company for consumers. Competition has forced them to open their eyes and stop looting customers.	1
This is just politics as it's been happening since long time. Someone should stop this .	1
Since 2014 every day only one community is being bashed that is Islam and you saying Hindus are being targeted ?	1
Bajaj Finserv . It's falling everyday . Any specific reason	0
Our blood boils when we see/hear such news. Have the govt. got any blood to boil?	1
A surgical strike India is itself confessing while Pakistan says we didn't do it. That takes gutts. 😱	1
If this incident take in Italy it would HV been applauded	1
This move by pm can't be digested by the corrupt people.indians should be proud that corrupt is being rooted out.next the education system should be corrected.	1
they sell anything even quality -second hand under wear ...consumer world and digital swipe  of indian population	0
Shruti Another task for u...make this and bring some for me ;)	0
...But  why India is not doing it ...?	0
"Dear friend not one not two but there are temples everywhere in kashmir. They are all safe !!!"	1
"India should ban NDTV first , and then talk about anything ! , NDTV is separatist channel !"	0
"NDTV SOLD OUT. NO ETHICS. NO MORALS. THATS THE PROBLEM IN INDIA.  NDTV LOST ONE REGULAR Audience. BEST LUCK NDTV WITH THE SCRAP.   Off the people, buy the people, far the people."	1
"If citizens of India had cared for country, would Congress have looted country for 60 yrs. Let us now remain awake in this awakening ,support modi till he cleans all the mess ."	1
"I too spoke n gave many honest comments. But we Muslims r label with mulla,,madarsa,,Pakistani,,... & many more...@ Neel."	1
Govt gives security to Netas..Our Jawans need it too..They are our true VVVIPs..Why don't give them Z+++ security?	0
Indians can have faith in u Virat because u r not Narendra Modi.	1
this govt is only about PR and trolls.. nothing on ground or reality	1
Mehra.   Have u found your real father... Its me... Come and bring your mother too... I miss her pu#@	0
For Muslim killing non muslim is pride way to go to heaven so why  You are sad.	1
Ha ha ha she know nothing about politics and she will vote for BJP..ohhh ya now BJP is the only party in India which is certified by ISI 😜	1
She is the cocaine girl. What is wrong in that ?	1
The why bandh in needed if people doesn't want to attend stupid	1
Kunthavi Kalachelvam what did you react to this	0
"So now you'll raise question if someone is practicing his religion. What an irony indeed,Maulana Sahab😃😃😈😈"	1
bhai ji..dnt u kne tht elections hav to be undergone in our country and escorts r called frm these countries for use in elections thts y due to the instructions of the election commision the visa system is made strict for such countries	0
He should contest for LS2019 from Gujarat or Maharashtra or UP. We'll know his credibility.	0
Cheap publicity stunt to stay in the news.. Nothing else... Get a life man!!!	1
"Spell might have missed...but it's Language overall...i believe...u must be William Shakespeare or Kamil Bulke...bcoz it's easy deliver ""Gyaan"" others..."	0
"WITH A PROPER EXPLANATION Ie  HOW SUCH HUGE CASH HE CAME TO STORE AT HOME, THE SOURCE, WHY THE SUDDEN SURGE OF HUGE HUGE DISPROPORTIONATE INCOME ? If he had VAILD EXPLANATION and REASONS NOTHING ON EARTH WOULD HAVE STOPPED HIM. BUT THIS IS NOT SO THE CASE HERE any one can say with CONFIDENCE! And OPPOSITION/ RAHUL KEEPS SHOUTING BLACK CASH PEOPLE ARE GOING SCOT FREE!! HA HA HA!."	1
Pleaze take good decision because of ur deciaion are create problems only to poor people and agriculturist	1
"He is here for business,their companies wants to invest in the construction industry but not been able to enter...."	0
"yes, last 60 yrs had been great years of happiness for all Indians."	1
"On Sunday evening, militants fired at Abdul Rashid Parray alias Rashid Billa at Hajin in north Kashmir"	0
"The goal was to attack on black money. Change of goal digital money. Hahaha hahaha. What a speaker. Why he is avoiding parliment."	1
for india road roller is the best vehicle ...there by we can put road aswell we can drive the journey	1
These were happening 24×7. But the administration was always in sleeping mode.	1
What are the prospects for Rolta from a long term view?	0
"Will some one tell here that if it was through mortar fire or gun fire from accross the boarder or LOC....how come the bodies were mutilated????? They were hit from a distance ...right... or Indian Army is accepting the fact that Pak army cross the LOC and killed their soldier...??? Question is it means that it was a real surgical strick from Pak ... and it has been happening continueosly for quit some time ...how could you cant protact yiurself ...?????? Pathetic Army #Rapendian Army"	1
A true legend... simply unparalleled... kudos to the greatest philanthropist...	0
printing new notes cost money and those banned costed and was all waste .. why dosent he get forign bank details of his political party people	1
I am a big fan of him but things are getting worst day by day pls pls Mr. Modi ji pls do something	1
It's  ture.pakistan  army  made mistake  in Bangladesh. They killed Bangladeshis  1971 war.we accept  the ture thing's.	1
"Never  ever  I have  been disrespectful  For your comments ..  It's your liking  your principles  .. you may  right. .  But doesn't  make  me otherwise"	1
"Long live respacted Tayyap Erdogan ...allah blessed u .. Best leader of d world ..."	0
A salute to your thinking. Finally a rational human being! Thank you!	0
Jio Effect. Its like Modi { Jio } and rest all.	0
"Poverty is across the religions and castes. Unfortunately for vote bank politics, such thing is being done. Reservations should be based on economical grounds. Women reservations are also accepted. But not on religion basis. It should be immediately withdrawn. JAI HIND"	1
ALTHOUGH PRIVATE INSTITUTION/FOREIGN UNIVERSITY REACH OUT FOR IIT PHD FOR TEACHING. GOVERNMENT UNIVERSITY ABSTAIN FROM THIS & REMAIN HAPPY WITH THEIR SUBSTANDARD FACULTY. IT IS TRUE CENT PERCENT FOR ENGINEERING FACULTY AND HALF TRUE FOR SCIENCE.	1
Congress is a bunch of jokers and biggest clown rahul	1
No need of 2000 currency....lets play on 100 and 50...lets see how govt.will work	0
He just want some attention towards him...What else jobless ppl do?	1
indian space mission to find water in the planet earth ----> dum dum give me gum gum -cnbc tv 18	1
Wat will be the target of Nifty in may 2017 ?	0
This thug need to first listen to CONgress brothel sex worker's statement before reciting Quran from the middle .	1
I am looking at being the next Chairman Mr Ratan !	0
She's so ignorant Megha Mukherji	1
So best remedy is to kill patient	1
So it is the increase in comparing  with month wise and not the fy	0
"He is Kejriwal of USA, why this right wing supporting media still carries the con artist fart"	1
"By your logic, India should have nuked the whole Pakistan coz Azmal Kasab was proved to be Pakistani."	1
Could you please tell what to do with Idea Cellular...? Do you see any potential in the stock??  Thank you....	0
Every time anuj finishes sonia starts speaking 'oh yes' hahaha each and every time.....	0
Very bad airtel 3G and 4g reng no use Internet	0
"Just Gun Down those termites. Yes I am a warmonger when my brothers are getting killed and manslaughter is not monopolized for one side"	0
You protect cows more than the women and children in this country. Thats pathetic!!	1
Price of Racemo will be announced during the commercial launch: Tata Motors MD	0
Do you see further upside in SBI in near term from current levels?	0
"Kerala is the no 1in the country for humen development index,which include litracy gender ratio,health,childbirth rate.and hindhus are very.happy here than any other state"	0
"Don't understand why everyone is emphasizing so much on ""he is a dalit""."	1
Actually this is not expected from u.. u must have used proper words Becoz these types of problems are faced by everyone whatever it is from Mandir aur Masjid..so plz be careful  about ur statements	1
look who is talking? a commie!	1
Hope i wiil be a part of kgp in next life	0
It is to be blamed saffron goons only They act as their own despicable law and law enforcers see and keep mum on their atrocities.We are living in a society face changed  from human to versatile self dominated devil.	1
"But after taking pill, the patient went into coma . Wrong pill."	1
"He is a frustrated,illiterate gullible idiot who has been working at cross purposes to his own stated aims....no one ever bothered about him before IAC...his only media value today is ability to criticise AAP..."	1
Where's is Modi and the cow supporters the bjp politician need some booting	1
"Right time to by Financial companies? Bharat Finance, LT Finance..."	0
Hazare is a hazard and fuss creator	1
"You are the best of all...💞  Our Cutiepie... All the best 😊 for your film 🎥 #PHILLAURI...💕"	0
A woman of grit and determination! Will always remain people's AMMA! RIP	0
"Comments like hi, I love you is so demeaning. Reflects the mentality of our society. Sigh.."	1
"There shud b a dislike button in fb. . If she has servants for every work, she cant speak anything. If she is at home by her choice so are others who r going to jobs nd stil managing fine. .only homemakers care about their kids is a worse myth the society is having. And working mothers do not care about their kids nd leave them as ""puppies"" is the worst myth. Think before u say madam!!"	1
Express opinion is alway anti bjp	1
Send gau Rakshk... I think they can track down terrorists	1
How can someone react laughing emoji on such brutal crimes!!!!! Sigh.	0
Loudspeakers should be banned.  Gods can hear u otherwise too.  The entire neighbourhood  doesn't need to hear it as well.  Be it aazaan or bhajans.	1
She has a crude attitude but she is also a carnivorous .	1
"INdia, is diverting attention from Kashmir issue, because it's under tremendous pressure from international community"	1
Deference is only magnitude and useful.	1
"Special message to all of u ;              ""Always help poor ,orphans and needy people """	0
You should not take this guy seriously.After all his only contribution is producing three children.	1
Why should we hear a convict?	1
There was no fatwa and it has been confirmed... People are being misled by media... Only NDTV had the guts to apologize for this and clarify that it was only an appeal.	1
"Tats sad no mother thinks her baby as puppy but few of them don't have choice to stay at home, every mother tries to be their babies for max time possible. This new law will certainly make mothers more available for their child ."	1
irrespective of any religion all social evils should be banned	0
Google CEO is talking about extending connectivity. Fiber laying companies like sterile technology and Aksh Opti Fiber could be beneficiary	0
"My Daadi's, my dad's and my favourite too Komal Patel😊 slurrping already thinking about the idlis 😋😋😄"	0
"I am from kashmir,we have a mandir nearby my maternal home the priests there play bhajans from 5am in the morning on loudspeakers,none among us have ever intervened or complained. And this practice is happening there since centuries.instead of hatered and animosity all those non-muslims live here in peace with us,safe and happy they are.there kids and us we have grown up together and never talked about our faiths...stop dividing people for personal gains."	1
"I thought they will tell something new  I already started from the very begining. Keep it up guys  Give some unique tips"	0
God created man and man judges the patriotism and loyalty who is patriot and loyal on God's creation and man is made slave of another man.	0
Govt delaying RRB NTPC results by showing reason of 7 th pay commission...But they can increase their salaries....Is this not burden....	0
you people make money in any news ...see the advantage of the media	1
"Seems intelligence and security r at lowest. Certainly not competent governance.  Big talks but no evidence of any plan or action to combat paki aggression or/and terrorist  attacks. Poor poor poor."	1
"Maulana is right,,,,,, it seems he understands Muslims very well,,,, he is not believing in Muslims knowing that the radical attitude of Muslims will never change irrespective of his education"	1
They will come out with a bicycle and undertaker will be riding it!	1
Yes.  You already joined RSS??	1
"Many more happy returns of the day Bigbasket! Proud to be the part of this celebration!"	0
"Vrinda Singh I don't know what I dislike her more for, flaunting her privilege or speaking of puppies like they're second class beings 😑😑"	1
first go and brush your teeth .....shenoy you cannot cheat us	1
Govt has to lay out a clear path for growth pick-up: Sanjay Nayar	0
he is absolutely right. Azan loudspeakers are very loud. Allah can be remembered anywhere according to Islam scholars then why this hypocrisy?	1
"Superrr!! now all should work hard for Olympic medals day & night, Full life settlement!!! really Great motivation baba... why IIT, Medical, engineering, LLB CLAT Just run behind Sports for 4 years work hard"	0
"IS INDIAN CONSTITUTION MAINLY FROM ""FRANCE & IRELAND""...IS IT SO...? DOES THAT MEAN OTHERS ARE SLAVES...?PLEASE TELL THE DEADLINE HOW LONG WILL WE BE RULED....?"	1
Hahaha...I don't need advice from anyone who is not in journalism...I know what I do...Good day	0
Common people were suffering from past 60 yrs also...  Can't we all wait for modiji's complete action plan for 60 days..  India will change provided we change our mindset..  Whole world knows his potential n appreciating his work..  Be patient guys..  Good days for India is yet on loop	1
"violence  cannot be answered by violence. India has to work against Pakistan in various non-violence areas like isolating Pakistan, blowing up Balochistan issue, making Pakistan economically weak etc."	0
"They denay everything like osama, qusab, malala, benazeer bhutto, Baluchistan, sindhustan, etc."	0
The issues of Muslim's which is regularly raised by media and BJP causes that speratist leaders of Kashmir got success in their aim	1
Live and let live.If somebody hits national interest because of religion..take care of him/her	1
"In 2015 the educated people voted for educated minister an iitian , a former IRS and a social activist. 2015 to 2017 he is working for people betterment media don't show it as it is paid . We trust him n his team and we will again vote for him... We are really pissed of from corrupt mcd . People earning crores from mcd and people of Delhi are just pissed off"	1
Media we want to see the first part as well before people start judging who is right n wrong	1
Cpm should trough 3 time ban terrorist organisation	1
"Anuj, what is the reason for BHEL to move up from 120 to 160 levels? Is there a chance for us to book some profits here?"	0
Word to word rebuttal only our PM can do this superb. Unbeatable.	0
"This is the country of Hindus so.....,it's ok if there is noise in navratri nights😏"	1
"Why he is calling to other comes and try yourself will get answer don't say to other Ramdav come yourself"	0
Hi sonia and prashant... please give your views on nifty on jan expiry views....watching  Prashant is reminding udayan with sonia...	0
I love u Mr. Modi ...... Proud to be Indian .... One more reason that  I belong to the country where Mr. Naarendra Modi is the Prime Minister....	0
Look at people evrytime remembering kashmir and  west bengal to justify this kind of henious crime.	0
Looks more like a movie launch then a bike launch!	1
I m not saying tarik Fatah is right or wrong.... In any case.... He raise questions against Islam .. why any one deliver answers to his questions...	0
"Now India will start striking back through Twitter haha. Bring Antony back to the position if you people are incapable, he was not an extremist by nature but surely a man of action not words like you people. 56 inch, 1 surgical strike like the end of pakistan haha only good for publicity."	0
he is a half learned and biased view person.....his views r now a days baseless.....it reflects his biased view  and one sided thinking	1
"""Nepotism "" exists all over the world and all sort of profession. Talent , dedication and ability are the only things carry you forward in any profession . After all personal success is your own achievement, just not getting a job is not enough to climb the ladders . Freedom of speech and feminism are two different matters ."	0
"Did u took those tests on Mars...??? Cos after using fr 6mnths d best speed i got was 2Mbps in suburbs of Mumbai..."	1
"Why play religion so loud ???  Keep it to yourself people !!! Why block roads .. wake people up, fight or kill in the name of religion  ? We are all human beings.. we are all one !!! Why differentiate in the name of such wrong ideas like language..religion....region ?? Oo"	1
"People who speak against India amd support minorities talking against Hindus are seculars and people like modi who wants to see all as one irrespective of caste,creed,religions are non seculars.What a pathetic situation."	1
And what about corrupt politicians?? Imagine what would be happening in coming elections!!	1
"Satyam Gupta simply project rahul gandhi as pm, then all the problem will be solved 😢"	1
"Thanks Kuwait for standing up to international pressure. The Islamic people are beautiful, kind, loving, understanding, and God fearing people who were generous with their love for me. I still love you Kuwait and I hope I always will. May Allah bless you all and forever. I miss you so very much."	0
"Lols.. and there you go, twisting the video..  Arvind Kejriwal himself has shared this video on both Facebook and Twitter.   But you guys, #Pressitute need to necessarily create rift.."	1
"Sagar Chavan only I've to worry, it's my state. Excuse me Maharashtran plz"	1
I think that high percentage of youth is due to less life span in India...??	0
"U r absolutely right a prayer should give positiveness to the life it's so much irritating,anyone making you understand secularism just stay near by the loudspeakers than u know the real pain,everything should be in limits,but y some ppl trying to make this secular or non secular,it applies to all even temples also,but I never heard so much noise level from any temples."	1
"aby Sharma, AAP is not with any criminals.. AAP is with Aam Aadhmi.. Its not support any party. Vote for AAP."	1
Red salute to great revolutionary stand for people's rights. We will fight for your thoughts.	1
How come snapedeal can provide you cash at fees when you yourself have to queue for ur money...strange...first of its kind in world...	1
"The Sena is the Hindu version of ISIS Indulging in MORAL & SOCIAL POLICING. Who gave them the powers to indulge in such Anticonstitutional activities."	1
Hy i'm Florida follow me if you want to good friendship with me.i'm making new friends.....	0
will there any growth or is it better to sell now	0
they are basically became screwers rather the post given as ministers..!!	1
Only one country hindu all world muslim total 57 country hai	1
"Is this the same Vemula who faked he is Dalit and was milking the country, enjoying benefits meant for others?"	1
What about 28 lac cr bank loans not paid by corporate companies.	1
bye bye ..dear bajaj .. i got some better work to do than watching ur funny bike launch	1
siddaramaiha the future PM of india...who can replace modi.	0
"It is enough of telling us about previous govrements failures ,listening to that we have lected you ,all the promises you have made speek about them  only"	1
"Mshanu are u literatr? Bcos budget date was announced before election date so why election commition has announced election before budget."	1
best place to live is where u born ots best and known one can do anything and they went for money and money can earn anywhere but not life.......jai hind and why will America stop hate crime their its common so many black have been killed daily you guys see everyday in news and tv best thing is come to india and develop here dont lose more life there...	1
All this for that one scene in fantastic beasts... Lucky man😊👍	1
"What about the Government Salary Doctors who are also earning from their private practice...? Which form they have to fill...?"	0
Completely ignoring old users who helped op to establish them	1
"Ofc they should be seen as a lowlife. Cause inexperienced opinions won't help anyone. Anyways, your point would have been considered, for you are into IIT. BUT since you haven't seen the real ""IIT"" thing, your opinion is invalid."	1
Chinmay Mohanty seems to be a very very tolerant bhakt...	1
"National waste...  Now no lokpal?"	0
Its just to gain votes..... Selfish	1
All this congress man can is blame bjp... Naxalites is the problem given by congress itself	1
"Chill Indian express..u all have seen work of many so called good people..let him also work..how can you question the confidence of Gorakhpur voters who have voted for him since 1998..take a chill pill and work for transperancy and intellectual development of country, don't create suspense and hatred.."	1
This is really needed to establish an efficient and effective democracy	0
"Once  this type of talks was in fantasy of me.  Now thank God it's  become real  in my life time"	0
PAK ARMY HAD ATTACKED WITHIN 200 METRES? INDIAN ARMY SHOULD KEEP EYE FROM CONTROL ROOMSO ARMY CAN ATTCK ON THEM WHO ARE ENTERING  FROM  BOUNDRIES	0
Such a shame they even cant find groceries in big bazar or in spencers	1
"Superb.... Hw media twisted d whole situation in d favour of left organisations nd against right wings, resulting in abusing of the government....  BJP is winning d election but they r not ablebto manage media....."	1
Competition is tough bcz necessary goods are being costlier but luxury goods are being cheaper..	0
We are again hearing abt ONGC divestment . Heard it @470 levels also. Stock is now 250 Whats ur take	0
Now you rundian can understand what is surgical strike 😀😀😀	0
very  shameful  comment. we respect  you as a great  singer.hindu -muslim we are all indians.be ware of  such words ---------	1
Calls to all networks to remain free even after March 31: Mukesh Ambani	0
what the alien is telling to brush the teeth ?....	0
"Kumar is kumar, he is the only hope of AAP.."	0
"If Dalits not pushing science in India , then there could total choas and illogical things will emerge ..like black vs white, women vs men , short vs tall .. eventually will lead to Delhi Sultnate returning to power ..then British ..why to repeat all history again."	1
Looks like inevitable after all political hard ball dialogue coupled with diplomacy & arm twisting with international pressures produce little or no results.	0
The accused has been identified as Rajpal.	0
Ratan Tata is Baap of all!!!  No need to worry buy on dips.	0
ya Ajay Gumma when did I name a community? is it the cow that offended you?	1
Last 300 yrs American Destroyed the Earth for money and power and killed Lac's of peoples for name of American Glory ....Stupid trump	1
"I am upset when see the news, because sunu nigam is famous singer .By the way l want that he will be carefully speak in other religious."	1
Man u want to say thieves are created to get more jobs for police??wow logic.	0
Fdi will hamper very badly according to the current market situation..	0
..it is the continous effort and support  of the millions of  good heart  --real people behind the scene	0
"Coming out like worms,as VVIP treatment not given?"	1
"One mean news finally,thank you."	1
don't need your certificate bcz we have separated Bangladesh remember and that's our achievement..But how can you believe your army their is no such example than a coup in country....	0
Alphageo and Deep Ind view pls ? Both are huge order book .	0
"Mate, did you make up this stats? This isn't about economy, it's about human right in the country. Tell me one Muslim dominated country where other religions have prospered? In India all religions prospered, we take everyone in not throw them out. BIG DIFFERENCE"	1
"By one stroke it can be reversed. Make it mandatory for all public servants ( leave the politicians) to admit their wards to govt school only. Next comes the next neighbourhood school for all independent of caste , creed, class and religions. In fact once the govt servants are compelled they will ensure the later."	1
maybe you ought to know the reason why there are Maoists in that part of the region?	0
India reacted by killing muslims who allegedly eat beef. we also stopped cricket with Pak and banned movies that featured Pak actors. Revenge completed.	0
"Shubhi Rathore is a BA first year student at Agra’s Baikunthi Devi Girls College, situated barely a kilometre from a Mahila Thana (women’s police station)."	0
isuzu advised to visit indian roads before the launch --	0
"If you remove the Gandhis. Everything  will change.never .it's in our blood to cheat,Rob, fraud,to treat someone less than us.and it's no use to blame politicians, they enter politics. to loot how much you can in 5 years.and then keep blaming the next govt.we are use to corruption to accepts gets from them.and they also know that.thats why they offer everything."	1
I don't understand whether youngsters should get good education or else to become a criminal to enter any political parties.	1
Nonsense salman wants to say Allah must not punish sinners but must to kill devil... Don't make innocents fool....	1
Hindus learn from this u people never give house on rent to any muslims and discriminate all muslims by targeting them as terrorists	1
"The same mistakes when Mr. Vajpayee ji was in power, they paid the price for mocking and humiliating a lady."	1
Best CM in India one n only Honbl Sri. N. Chandrababu Naidu	0
@Sanjiv At least be original. How much do you get paid to just sit down and copy paste comments? So sad! 🤣	1
"Enflied got its own fan following but anything new should also be welcomed and tested , after all change is always good ."	0
"Gujarat only state in our country to promote vibrancy???  Don't matter fluency in english,  need fluency in policy"	0
Truely very sad such a young life to be taken away so soon.	1
Muslim are creating newer enemies by such hatred comments.Be Indian first.  Ignore religion.	1
Simple and humble man... a very typical middle class and orthodox tamilian	0
"Central Government working is far better than state government , why don't we empower state distribution companies ?"	0
He must be kicked out of the country. I think he will also  talk to the person who will slap or kick him	1
Hi Sir  What is your Views on Metal Sectors & NBFC in April Month	0
Tamil Nadu in particular has a disproportionate number of illiterate people. What will people do when the opposition party is even worse. Kerala on the other hand has changed dramatically. Incidence of corruption is at it's minimum now.	1
any day better than ur modi style hate politics.	1
U were right one more time .by not joining Jihadi Didis campaign in Delhi .	1
"Indian People are again getting fooled  Previous it was UP election and it worked ."	0
What is secularism?  Is it appeasing other communities at the cost of Hindus? These people are ashamed of their Hindu heritage	1
What would you  say if the British still ruled annihilated most of Indians build a great nation and CNBC  would done a documentary showing off great progress of British empire interviewing the brits.... neglecting suffering of Indian.... who are in a ghetto may in Port Blair ...remember we have only got freedom just 60 odd years back and would the one whom we regard Father of nation  be proud of TV 18 network if he were to alive today ?	0
Modi ji .you ask to RBI how  much currency disti	1
Oh. So how are you isi agent and bhakt dog	1
"Anna always wanted to stay away of politics, so why the question of his decision?"	0
Cyrus proved to be no Rattan Tata as market assurance	0
Black money is now incresed rapidly in the form of 2000 rs note which is not neeeded	0
Indian media is playing a very good role in spreading hatred between the two nations.	1
Don't make such sweeping statements corroborate with facts the a Prime Minister had done daring changes that nobody has ever done before demonetisation is one such	1
Sir to ask 1 more question...what is keeping Irb infra buzzing..is its IPO round the corner ?	0
Marketing guy needs a brain washing ...what is he positioning	1
"Propaganda master ..  Opportunist  Fanning communal tension   Corrupt ....check his source of income...."	1
Soon Kalbhoshan is going to become international certified terrorist.And whole world will see the ugly face of India a real terrorist state.	1
Hold vguard or sell after bonus ..pe is high now ..average price is 170	0
just two appointments and two house allotment is corruption? They have done it just any other govt. But when delhi hc says all files need to go thru LG so after the verdict they routing all files thru him. Whats wrong. Can anywhere in this country do you see that a CM taking permission to do anything from LG & if not taken is called corruption. My dear friend compare the work he has done in 2years with other state govt who are there for 10-15 years you will find the answer.	0
NO ONE KILLED BY HARVARD.  BUT IDIOT WORKED HARD TO KILL 150 INNOCENT PEOPLE.	1
is it a right time to invest in welspun india?;	0
Really a kit Agarwal no black money is coming in system than why all these political parties are crying	0
GST Council yet to fit commodities into 5 tax slabs	0
Sonia maruti is highly price stock and mahindra is cheap stock and nw a days pair trade goin on in market	1
& gau rakshaks for violence against minorities	1
Plz make some strong organization in every state..which take care of these athlete...they faces a lot of problem...just like a gopichand made it	0
"In Kashmir there is no Muslims only anti nationalists ..  Modi  need to kill u all anti nationalists with out mercy..  u disgusting stone pelter bacteria u r all poops in Kashmir.. we will flash u all those who support Pakistani.. u coward Hanif never add any peace of religion in revolution.. Ur revolutions for 500rs/- from Pakistani u disgusting pak pigs.."	1
"The same thing applies on you sir when you are invited in any concert !! You sing a song to entertain ppl... but at the same time noise goes to the ppl not interested in you or your song !! It happens.. i agree that loudspeakers shouldn't be allowed. M not muslim but i never got irritated coz of azaan... Being a musician you should enjoy this pray..like bismillah khan saab !!"	1
Ask them how many days it takes to print in 5  lakh crores	1
U didn't talk when u had ur chance! Now don't talk when u lost ur chance	1
They want to increase trust fund account.	0
Just dial rallied in the end ..Reason fr so rally	0
"above stocks have crossed the crash test ----> bears and bulls in the investment jungle ----> go for glen, sun -safe to play , hero , tvs -another safe play , gnfc --gujarat is ruling india so -high returns , blue star--summer special"	0
"I have 3500 shares of HCC at 40/- Please share your views."	0
"Anna Hazare is a Hypocrite  The  reason behind anna in joining with India against corruption the protest held at ram leela maidan was only to help BJP and oppose congress, even now he has no aim to oppose corruption or help india to develop. He is helping bjp to continue their corruption intolerance. nothing else.  ANNA target people who oppose BJP and their devide and rule strategy."	1
BJP is only interested in cow protection. Meanwhile a woman was brutally raped in Rohtak in Haryana. They're not bothered about that. Useless party	1
Just do 3 things Sir.... pass Janlokpal... 2) declare donolations to your party....3) jail who are guilty of corruption!!!	1
can we hold century textiels i hve 1000@900 i m long term investor how much it can go up?	0
"WITH A PROPER EXPLANATION Ie  HOW SUCH HUGE CASH HE CAME TO STORE AT HOME, THE SOURCE, WHY THE SUDDEN SURGE OF HUGE HUGE DISPROPORTIONATE INCOME ? If he had VAILD EXPLANATION and REASONS NOTHING ON EARTH WOULD HAVE STOPPED HIM. BUT THIS IS NOT SO THE CASE HERE any one can say with CONFIDENCE! And OPPOSITION/ RAHUL KEEPS SHOUTING BLACK CASH PEOPLE ARE GOING SCOT FREE!! HA HA HA!"	1
How is it so? okey then in what way they enjoy success everyday.	1
That's more than the size of a standard flat in mumbai	0
"they will bother about only muslim women, they wont worry about hindu women."	1
Completely biased the reporter is clearly trying to tell the time was bad instead of listening to the vendors	1
"Long queues issue  is not that much critical which is discussed again and again, tomorrow it will be normal"	0
I think the Shahs - Hyderabad should expand in sports now. Build and support budding athletes. :D	0
That's why I awarded Sharad Power :V	0
Yes bank bounced back after a mild correction. Is it a good time to buy?	0
Demonetization a successful move made by PM Mr.Modi ji that even a long time silent keeping ex -PM start mumbling	1
"For me only Money 💰 comes ....that's called real Blessing 😀😀😀.... moral, intellectual are not my focus...."	0
"Azaan-prayer how could it disturb anyone! I am Hindu we have a masjid in our neighborhood, we have wakened up by Azaan since childhood, we have no problem with it. stop dividing us! being a public figure you should know what to say and what not to say!"	1
"To clean the mess ....somebody had to take the broom in hand.... he rightly did that.... I Salute You... Narendra Modi Sir.... Am with you..."	1
I am an Indian and of course a Hindu. You have not seen service rendered by RSS in 1947 serving hungry and naked refugees coming from Pakistan. I was 12 then RSS has never indulged in violence.	0
"Suar,indian army Air Force have muslims, Sikhs Christian, paarsies etc as officers soilders etc(not like Punjabi (naqli) sunni(again naqli) hijdaa(asli) so called army."	1
Does this mean Misha is a puppy for Shahid Kapoor?	1
That's some great  news after frustrating  riot  n those big bunch of  hypocrite news .	0
"Sanjiv, use burnol Son. And have beef tikka then"	1
Already there is a big terrorist oganisation exist RSS and affiliate group those from you belongs	1
"Physical fitness, is not the prerogative of army, alone."	1
"Dont expect Our government is only having 56 inch seena limited to election campaign. Worst Government when it comes to soldiers security"	1
"Hai man may i know more about nse upcoming ipo, and can I subscribe , looking ahead on nse ipo,"	0
"Also Wasim Hassan, show me the proof where he called for Rape."	0
"Ur at the top of the pyramid. But  a u go down u will see lot of corruption.ur bureaucracy has failed u. It's a disastrous blunderbuss decision.m May God help u modiji"	1
Sonia has the 4 quarter low result has been factored in??	0
"Ratan tata dedicated his whole life for india He make a better reputation Salute to Ratan Tata"	0
I heard Mizos keep thier homes and surrounding very clean... It's there in their DNA	0
looking at the comments i sometimes get confused is Ndtv an INDIAN channel or Pakistani😒.	1
Now those mullas barking on TV as spokesmen will not going to open their mouth because their mouth have been lock by sharia law .No Muslim will come forwards to assist this ladies . Feel sorry for her even my heart cried .I hope if I can assist her .	1
You let out blood thirsty hounds on a 20 year old kid! You should feel ashamed! You legitimised her trolling	1
What is the target period for connecting rural roads with national highways	0
Ask the khans to do it... Any ways they kill them when drunk.... And then start with being human	1
Friends the next things which come after ICJ ruling is whether Pakistan allows Jadhav counsellor acess or he will be murdered like Sarabjeet Singh .... I think this is what we all should be looking at now because Pakistan army would never allow counsellor acess because if that happens a pandoras box of lies will come out against Pakistan army .... So friends keep fingers crossed ....	1
"I would like to bring to your notice, that banks are acting or adding indirectly to criminals. The screens in the ATM should have a smart screen filter. Which they don't. If fact now, the account balance can be seen by everyone in the bank."	0
y with saffron color only.if you are County lover it shld b painted with tri-colour of flag...shows there polarized thinking	1
"Worst thing ...u are totally out of mind,if we Muslims ever told u to turn off loudspeaker ...u don't deserve to b a part of society,u have no right to talk about any religion as u urself doesn't know what its reaction is,itz like divide and rule.."	1
"U hav already joined ur favourite bjp, no need to join any other party"	1
Sounds like an Islamic Arabic country	1
What trust vote without opposition party??	1
"Why you guys counter the modi govt decisions, its fact there is black money cleanup stand taken ... so many discussions on news channel, individuals meetings  Why so much of efforts made by media and make people scared and provoke"	0
Mutko's exclusion from the election is due to a clampdown on government interference in football.	1
What's happening in NBFC now !! Few stocks after good results correcting and bad results one going up !!	0
'Demonetisation will lead to a fall in States' tax collections'	0
Anuj bhai - if rbi cut is priced in. What's the range of nifty.	0
airindia versus king fisher versus vodafone repayment versus union ...and govt policy to protect airline industry  is weak and fragile ...drumstick fracture news	0
"Haha peace from pakistan wow . come on Fatima Farooque don't waste ur time here it's just a normal view of a Singer and In india u have freedom of speaking whatever views v have,  anyways how is kasab is he in jannat with 72 virgins.do u have any views on isis or triple talaque , even that is part of Islam right. Hope u don't face triple talaq in ur life will pray to Allah for ur safe marriage."	1
"why don't muslims wear ""crescent moon"" on their forehead."	1
"Let congress speak. Kharge saheb should explain why he used the word of ""Dog"" in his speach."	0
Shayad se yeh 2 channels opposition se managed nai hue to usse BJP managed bata diya....	1
View on Motilal Oswal financial long-term i have 1100 @ 508	0
One more express for Indian	1
Sirji you JUST concentrate on game not on audiences..bcoz they make noise always.	1
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
"congressisation of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP),"	1
"Shall I buy/hold holding companies like BBTC,KICL etc for long term"	0
MI all the way 😎	0
"Prayer of the Muslims.. They pray early in the morning 4 o clock using loudspeakers,  to which Sonu has a problem because of noise pollution.."	1
We don't want to hear old stories. You are in power now and you do justice to the common people. That is all we want from you.	1
I am for freedom of speech but against the lampooning freedom of speech of another young person!	1
However the population of Hindus in Pakistan has declined from 10 % during partition to a minuscule 1% now....... Check ur premises.	1
"Jokes aside, it is a serious yet solvable issue...our aim was to help bring this to your notice...:) Thanks for watching and Commenting Suvarna Kulkarni :)"	0
"And in India each and every place , city , town, village and state has wright to be grow."	0
"Dipti Sharma Indian Express  compliments to your article. Neither Karan nor Kangana add to my life, but an article laying it out well is appreciated."	0
He should bring back money from Swiss rather then demonetisation many people in bjp are corrupted too. He is not disclosing their names	1
Also try to stop  violence from communists	1
It is only to divert the attention of people from their failure to get black money from foreign banks and distribute among common people by putting in their accounts Rs.15 laks.	0
Beat the hell out of this ppl	1
"A bunch of nincompoops calling themselves a court.     Shame on you"	1
this is why you don't let kids talk to the media	1
Its called DESERVE when those amounts of rupees are tranferred in there account without any TAXES. If taxes are applied than what is the used of naming the said amount	0
"May be she is in the grab of Hindu, misleading us here,  fake ID"	1
Hi Anuj according to you which stocks will reach levels like Infosys and Ril	0
"Keeping his words in mind ,we Indians should vote for politicians who promise least as they'll be least disappointing."	0
you be secular in total governance of the state with no special treatment to any community......then RSS or any party will have no hard feelings.	0
We should not be influenced by what the world does: Mukesh Ambani	0
Obviously to appreciate Harvard education or Nobel prize you need a little bit education !	1
we should fight for this... not for nationalism and cow.. this is the reality of My India. soo painful ...may god bless his soul and give patience to his father and mother.	1
"Jayalalitha ji connect with citizens, concern of welfare of the poor ,the woman with powerful personality will always be in our memories. ""MAY HER SOUL REST IN PEACE""😓😢😭  Very emotional video"	0
She says who every is buying Dominar 400cc will have a grave end.....	1
"One thing more to all the terrorists commenting here ,if one has the right to eat anything one wants, do i have the right to burn any book in my personal capacity which is owned by me?"	1
"Wipro IT services revenue up 1.6% at Rs 13,402 cr vs `13,196.1 cr (QoQ)"	0
Shame shame & then these lowly so called educated civilised popation of Pakistan claim Pakistani army to be professional soldiers .... They true are professionals but are professional terrorists ..... Certainly not soldiers .... Not only India & Indians but the global world is now understanding & recognising them as professional terrorists.	1
Now she will ban movies 😂	1
But red  agents r very dangerous not only in India but to the whole world. Better get rid of them like Soviet	1
Wait n  watch  till May 2019  will get the  poll  results  pm  till  then  keep  it up	1
how we can think about justice when number of law makers are rapist & big criminals..?	1
Every one has a date to worry. He was working against this Country as if he may remain in the same spirit for ever.	0
"Very sad on this news, the best governor till date."	0
"Save the cows kill the humans! Save the uppercaste and kill the dalith with kerosene,  Kill all the Muslim's take their mughal language to the Thorne! Kill the Christians tag them converts shits and joins hands with Israel!. Call it Hindustan and break the beauty of unity in diversity ! Cut the tress and enograte new tourist spot! Fighting to stop terrorism By encouraging communal fights inside the country !! By Anita John 👌👌👌"	1
Dhruv Panchal You need to work on your self! Don't preach me what you fail as a nation! To protect its minorty and give equal rights to all human beings reagrdless of cast which is big prob in India	1
"Are you living in this planet or with 72 virgin hoors @ ubaid 1qbal,  pls check Google or you tube, you will get what you want there,  how disgusting you people are trying to distort the reality, shame on you"	1
"8505050887#get_immediately_solution_for_your_all_problem_contact_now & whatsapp Vashikaran, love marriage, love problem, family problem, husband wife problem, business problem, child problem #solution_with_100% guarantee"	0
home alone never feels the pain ...watch kevin in home alone	0
This is the most brilliant question... and the answer is we don't care to admire someone without his/her achievements..	0
Dont worry i will appeal to the the transport authority regarding ur concern. Till then use ur feet as mode of transport	1
Should I buy Dr. Reddy's Labs? What is the long term target? Have already bought at 2900. Should I average out?	0
I have been crying from rooftops that Markets will fall	0
Mr. Bajaj spoke like a true businessman.......Volume...Volume....Volume.....but I feel it will fall short to be cult bike.	0
Think so he has won with a blast keep up that rapo so modiji need not beg for bote	1
This comment section made me really really happy. People actually know Anna now. He is just a puppet of BJP. He is jealous of AK and tried to harm him in every way whenever possible. It's the 'sanskar' of AK that he hasn't talked bad about Anna till now.	1
Itu Rathore so much effort taking for your webpage promotion? Or was it a copy paste provided to you? Lol	1
"Well said.... Now sonu not having  songs to sing... Like road side father he is singing his old songs.... Let give some rupee coins to this fakeer. Chief publicity, mentality person is sonu nigam"	1
Rs 303 & above will give 3 month complimentary service	0
This man will join bjp one day	0
Who will be be headeding 100 Pakistani soldiers?? TV channel? Or through Yoga	1
Thanks Mr. S.S RAJAMOULI for this wonderful movie.	0
"The whole system has rotten, right from the parents to the government to the dipartments concerned and teachers as well are responsible for this"	1
It should be applicable to every relegion.	1
"For betterment of India ( not party) Sonia, Rahul and Kejriwal should take leave from their misfit profession. It shall be a great service to the nation."	0
And people who don't even know what the Met Gala is are commenting. Seriously!	0
@arjun - if you have black money give to me... But don't disrespect PM modi	1
"Where is UNO, UNSC, OIC ,  ? Look at this bloody pigs who r killing innocents on the order of Gaylani and pakistan. Look at the real face of this freedom fighters coward. Whole international community should look the real face of Kashmiri terrorists and fake freedom fighting."	1
"He had no self respect, he should have resigned when UPA lost miserably.."	1
"This is horrible at least respect this octogenarian , does it require to bring such a person to bank ? From this video what are we trying  to show the nation."	0
He isn't a social worker. He is a BJP agent	1
"If govt. of India continues with custom duty on electric cars 125%, then who will buy this car."	0
"Look U hav acheived many more things  Like  India Is No 1 in Porn watching India is the only country where sucide rate is high India is the only country Where U can not say anything to cow but u can rape a women India is the only country where more than 70% people hav no toilets India  India is the Only country where people Drinks their Own Urine...Cows urine😜 well come to incredible india lol Gaurav Kumar Pushpendra Kumar Saket Mishra Nitin Chopra Subhash Agrawal"	1
Very sad that kerala is in the hands of communist pig	1
"Awesome Pic  ----▶CNBC-TV18  😎 Bot By 👤Vikas Das  ♨ BotBoss,Top 🔛 Server 2"	0
BTW Yogi asking for the rape of dead Muslim women is a lie..A lie propagated By the media.it was some fringe element gathering and the Media tagged it as Yogi saying it.	1
Pakistani are much more aware and give respect to women drivers in Pakistan than India	0
When is India banning visa to Pakistaniz.	1
Dnt understand what Mr pm speaking so I'm logging out	1
Only the black money holders are shouthing on u modiji...we r proud to get a PM like u modiji....	1
"We r with u SIR, let d corrupt make hue n cry, they  ve already lost d faith of people...."	1
"Mr Ashish of #knowyourcompany, teach this guy se manners, how did he spoke to MD of Specialty restaurants.  Just to mention on the service charge issue if the comment of the hoteliers committee was arrogant, then just see the episode once again to see what you did there.  You are nothing as compared to him, these things don't look good on television, we didn't turn it on to see your arrogance."	1
"Yes, Pakistan army first targeted them with rocket launcher then crossed over into Indian territory, mutilated the bodies of Indian soldiers and then came back safely. How stupid and idiot the Indian people are."	1
Satya Narayan Padhi no need to reply such nonsense..! Where's the evidence..? Why he kept himself silent since 2014..?	1
Wish you great years ahead .  Happy Diwali Ratan Tata	0
"This man once said, take out dead Muslim women and rape their body, irony to have such CM in a largest democracy"	1
"""Demonetization and Digital India"" is like ceasing petrol and diesel vehicles,  coz we are moving towards clean energy, is it feasible?"	0
Who is this swayambhu critic. Must not be born during Kashmir atrocities now acting like an expert. Fool	1
"What an actor, he is:-P may be after 2019 he will be a part of hera pheri 3B-)"	1
Agra Lucknow express way was part of Ganga express way project of Mayawati government and Metro project was also from mayawati government extensio of Delhi nodia metro project. Akilesh just taking credit of maywati government projects and changed names..	1
Stop killing Innocent Kashmiri.....   Its Pak Army befitting reply to Rundians.....	1
"Sir , what is ur first work to b done as a   hrd minister?"	0
"Allegation becomes truth once, it has proof. I'm not getting why u missing the simple logic Master."	0
It's a cowardice act of Pakistan. Indian army must teach a lesson to Pakistan as early as possible without delay by adapting the retributive theory of punishment.	0
Good State developing by  Telugudesham  govt vision leadership by Chandrababu Naidu.	0
"Nicholas Williams Maybe his family were physically thrown out of pakistan  with nowhere to go when it was given to the muslims, life as a refugee isnt much fun"	1
"My humble request to join 'Delhi Justice Appeal' on FB  we need your help to spread the word in social media.... BLACK DOT, and protest peacefully...Start the revolution, MEDIA Please HELP US PEOPLE.. THIS IS START OF SOMETHING GOOD.."	0
Competition for Royal enfeild..? It takes an other Era to Beat Royal enfeild	0
Where do u see the crude heading towards march end 2017 ?	0
"Anurag Thakur was not fit to hold the post of BCCI president in first place.Along with Anurag Thakur ,other politicians like Arun Jaitley ,Rajiv Shukla ,Farooq Abdullah  ,sons of Lalu Prasad Yadav and many others should step down from positions they're holding in various State Cricket Boards  and leave the game to be managed by ex- Cricketers and eminent public figures including retd.High Court and Supreme Court Judges."	1
This is all politica to divert people mind from promises given to them is impossible to fulfill and also bavas cannot fool people if the message is adopted bij People	1
That's y I tell people to invest a little but it should be regular	0
Sonia TESLA is going to enter in India this summer so can their be more consolidation in auto sectors in coming days &since M&M PV are already facing margin pressure will it sustain as MUSK must have few models for capturing mid mid segment ?	0
Only surety is that you won't be in the PM's chair in 2022	1
does this man eats and shits widout politics??I doubt :p	1
Why can't the government give free hand to army to deal with Pakistan and pay them in their own coin.	0
2000 rs not needed for a growing economic please share your views on this	0
Hope it's not hosted by that lady in specs...!!! (the one who conduct's the market closing show) it's hard to tolerate her!	1
RSS is in power and it has not done anything as u r proving it......so better people understand ur politics and the level of division u can cause in people	1
It is a lovely concept.  Pricing is affordable too....but i wonder where will i put my bags and how will i change clothes ? Where do i go if i want to wear a saree ? Wonder wonder 🤔🤔	0
The CNBC camera guy isn't live streaming from the event	0
"Your nation is neither islamic nor humane  So stop insulting religions by alluding to it"	1
Will you people focus on some serious issues of economics and business....?????	0
No. SC should decide if India should talk.I think the Supreme Court is Ruling India now a days.	1
"Bank nifty cracked today,  where are we going now"	0
Yaa I am frustrated because they r doing inhumanity time and again and wht v r doing...... Peace or something like peace......Exactly all r doing politics and nothing. But solider's life should be on priority and other issues r secondary. When leaders will understand this.	1
rise the range of agni missile's all series than no one can dare to menace india..	0
Shame on us. India only can do lecture nothing else.	0
heard saying heard Lata mam talk about Mumbai realtty sector can u plz elaborate	0
Ubaid think about future not about past .....increasing terrorism is an issue now days ..it dosent matter who he is ....	1
But the name is so weird. 😂	0
Vote bank politics ...let you give 100% reservation to/as per population proportion of all castes....	1
Good joke dear indian if your Army is weak like this then where is your Claim Of Surgical Strike was that True or This is true ?	1
"5 lakh to both(unbiased approach) regardless of rank of medal👍👍, proud to be a footballer😐"	0
"His own wife wants to live with him. He is not calling her back. And you think he will help you.   http://zeenews.india.com/news/india/pm-modis-wife-jashodaben-says-she-wants-to-live-with-him_1502606.html"	1
"Pak army is professional army can not violate, even indian army against"	1
"ibn,ishag992/Quran ,what they write on ,really u will shock"	1
So we can expect some more medal in 2020 Tokyo Olympic	0
What would you guys pick in this down trend :)	1
And what about guys being rejected for even more comical reasons?	0
When is our PM going to Pakistan for the wedding or birthday bash?	1
"Anyway you are not going to stand for hours in queues to found nothing out of your own account ... It is not well planned mission ..."	1
"Rest of India fought back well after conceding a 132-run first innings lead to Gujarat, but the Ranji champions maintained the upper hand at the end of the Day 3."	0
Huzaifa Khan modi had note done any crime stop crying false he had been given clean cheat by the apex court of the country and u better respect courts decisions	0
"Good information but you omitted to mention Cong,sp,BSP, TMC, JDU etc etv"	0
"Lakhs of Hindus support terrorist organization RSS, none bats an eye. 20 people supported terror outfit ISIS, everyone started hatemongering. If you are not shouting against India's biggest terrorist organization, you don't have the right to speak a word against Isis as well."	1
Pakistan is comprised of fake muslims who does not know the meaning of unity and imposes their thoughts  on others.....all the rascals have gathered there...	1
Rishabh could this headline be any more misleading	1
Shame on BJP and shame on pm Modi who said before elections he will bring 10 heads for one indian soldier	1
What will be tax on packaged drinking water and non packaged drinking water ?	0
"Now question is, Pakistan will adhere to this?"	1
"Keep it up Modiji,the more you dig up corruption , mahachore will shout, absue you since they are seeing end of political life. March on Sir, we are with you. Ji Hind."	0
Congratulations to Salve n Indian Government 👍	0
I doubt this man's credibility..	1
"“I would like all of them [Opposition MPs], particularly the members of the Indian National Congress, to recognise that cow protection was part of our freedom movement,” Nirmala Sitharaman said."	0
"We Are providing best web development services.  Please visit https://goo.gl/YpDBsP to view our realetstate portfolio"	0
"and by the way, russia is way developed than india. so dont cry salo"	1
"You just live in Dubai, when you are in India, you will know why"	0
Grow up Indian Express its high time you start writing for people not just to earn money .... have some reputation or remove Indian from your organization name...	1
"Anamika Dudvaani yeh you might be a working women ,and you do have a identity. The world knows you . The topic is about you. You achieved a lot. Pathetic wanna be. Identity is a cover only.exactly most of the young women work to enjoy life ,like they have seen boy doing.real reason is money ,sexual pleasure,drinking ."	1
Really ? Can't we buy at supermarkets and restaurants using card?	0
No each and every sympathisers  of Azadi and stone pelters in India too must be beheaded	1
You have to produce good products. Brand name plays a role but with inferior products not even an Apple can gain and maintain market share. Of course I am talking about just 1 part of Tata Sons called Tata Motors. Industries like Steel really need proactive governance to prevent cheap dumping by China and the like.	0
Cyrus Mistry had to go. Do not know what is the legal way. One good reason is UK Steel fiasco. Ratan Tata is a welcome soothing senior statesman till things settle.	0
"How will this man help,he has come to India to do business"	0
First of all Baloch peoples must be allowed in your project. India is already involved in this project because POK is nothing but integrated part of India	0
He is only RSS product	1
nahaz vai u should  also consume pork to prove ur secularism	1
Time is near when all Non-Indian Indians will have to quit India . Zinna has made Pakistan for them. JNU needs a total change.  Those coward terrorists will have to be taught proper lessons.	1
"I want quick action against pak Like surgical strike - 2. Enough Stop it now !!"	0
Come and see for yourself	0
if nothing comes out from rbi or goverment ..u think psu banks can again fall hard? and again dont u think cnbc is over hyping the ststaement of mr.jaitley	0
"Such a horrible article. Quotes the Pope on Marxism as if he is the authority to go by. The highest income inequality today is in Russia of all countries and yet Marxism is the panacea. The attempts to create Marxist utopia have given us horrors of Stalin, pol pot, Mao, Castro, and Hugo Chavez and yet this belief of infallibility of Marx hasn't gone. It is almost if Marxism itself is a religion."	1
"Whichever party comes to power in Punjab, the centre won't let it function. Only bjp will get support from the centre. Delhi has been neglected due to this"	1
"India is a Hindu country, don't be under any illusions"	1
You are yourself terrorist number one...you killed many in Gujarat... Lol	1
Living off his wife's earnings &tweeting...wah re wah..!!!	1
"You brought up hate, not me. And you'll be lucky to make it as far as I've made it. Karma will get you in time for your hatefulness."	1
Krishna yes you accept  it. this is a surgical strike from pak	0
Go India 🇮🇳 don't support from here lol 😂 how's everything	1
"When choices are based on merely religion, like it's happening with Modi, the clamor is created to hide the truth."	1
National award on the way !	1
"Padma awards are given by Center.  Congress should facilitate them. They are Man of the Match. When all the wickets were tumbling down, these 7 batsmen could hold till end.  Award can by PAPPU Shree."	1
"💥India's No.1 Home Job💥 🌟earn money without any investment 🌟multi level networking  🌟work daily 2 hours per day earn rs 500 to 1000rs daily 🔥life changing oppurtunity ✍type ""JOIN"" and send to my whatsapp no +918444867178"	0
Lic housing 2lot @536 and l&t 2 lots @ 1447..should I hold ??	0
you are  a wine drinker william ....so we need not listen to baby boys .....first wear your diaper properly ...rest in peace in the bottom of the grave	1
He admits it is their govt fault..as delhi police comes under centre	1
"Erdogan visiting nation, mainwhile  Pak  mutilates  2  Indian soldier's bodies .Govt .....    Seeing  their message ??? Why not  close  Pak embassy ???  Also pls  ask erdogan  what is happening to the Turkey Kurds ??  Brutal  murdees by  Turkey Army  ?  What about given the the Kurds their land ???   Let Kashmir not be thr talks on table  pass the byck pack, ,discuss KURDISTAN SETTLEMENT  ."	1
". WB politics is ugly and is at lowest ebb of public conduct: if Mamata shoves 'bamboo' from public platform, some nincompoop calls names: 'chakkaa' to CM! . You get what you sow! 🥊🌶👞"	1
India's response should be simple attack a rangers camp and   mutilate 4 soldiers in return LOL. If you do not have the capability to do that just go and shave somebody instead	1
"Only 13 % of jio customers converted into prime, so they extended d date😁"	0
Moron probably forgot that if the claim is true he himself is party to it	1
Killer of gujrat muslims member of rss talking about terrorism.. wtf	1
"Anuj, Ashwini has been very bullish on real estate sector and says this is a good time to enter.  How does the fundamentals look here?  Should we venture into this space given the effect of demon on this space?"	0
Sure India will be super power if we have leader like modi only	0
"The RSS should learn humanity, it's they that are behind pogroms in India.  The JNU is merely advocating human rights and rule of the law that's enshrined in India's secular and progressive constitution."	1
Much deserved ?? I seriously fail to understand. What have the soldiers in the borders have not done that they are not being given even 0.1% of these rewards? Appreciable that athletes spend sleepless nights preparing for international matches and work for long number of years to achieve whatever they have achieved but there are some unsung heros who are fighting a REAL LIFE battle and they deserve much more.	0
She is lucky that she got married to Shahid Kapoor! She got married just after completing her graduation and now she is talking about feminism.	1
Yes he is Wright not to join AAP	0
"Salman Madarasi The problem is that just like quran is holy to u in the same way a cow is holy to me. So if u have ​the right to kill my beliefs why don't i have the same right?"	1
It shows that relugion is not behind terrorism in india it is unemployment. In our culture after death we forgive all his deeds My request to take his body and do last rites accordin to our rrlogion.	1
While frustrated Ismail would rather make at least one or two comments on facebook. xDDD	1
"He is a RSS supporter and the best friend of Mr. Modiji... Try to distroy the AAP in Delhi."	1
Yes Anna is a hypocrite	1
These AAPtards will now abuse Anna.	1
"For ur info amit shah  By the way just appreciate what that old guy has just said rather then questioning about other and past incidents. Trust me if u will give an example then people will give u two.  Lets not play the blame game again and Just show some desh bhakti and show respect."	1
he is working for poor but they were the one who were hasseled the most	1
I only faced signal problem while using jio and that's why i switch back to Airtel	0
Metalyst forgings is coming down since long back.. today all of sudden it reached upper circuit why?	0
"Holding RS Software 10,000 nos since last 8 months at 122/-  now got the price again. Should I sell or hold. Very nervous with the market scenario. Kindly suggest"	0
"After us, there will be our future generation. And after them there will be their future generation. The human population will survive in the long run."	0
he will be good administrator as well as a tough guy too.. he didnt win 5 times elction just on the basis of saffron dress..	0
"Pak Army intruded into Indian terrirtory, killed indian soldiers, had some laugh cup of tea with biscuits, mutilated their bodies and went back to their barracks, now tell me while this all rubbish was happening what were indian border forces doing watching mia khalifa and sunny leone?"	1
She believes only modi can do something. ...	1
Does it a serious matter! Azaan wake up him but not #Muslims!Masques are empty during Fajr prayer! Why?	1
Advance type of Hostel. Hostel are very common here in UK.	0
The most critical time and very shortly collapse of entire Indian economy.	0
Trump is a crass politician. He is nothing like modi.	1
"So Andhra split into 2, and both are giving money separately. Good for her!"	0
"Here we see a non biased, non prejudiced journalist solely dedicated to reporting facts.   Keep it up."	0
This is a very ground level talk far away from technology which google is offering now. And google search is not technology to be consider wow factor in India...	0
"Suhas Shilker You must have heard or read about scuffles, riots, murders etc when a person from different community objects to loud noise from bhajans. I also experience this constant loudspeaker noise from nearby temple but I have to bear with it to avoid communal tensions."	1
Icici bank y not participating???bank nifty pull down by psu? Y	0
So what this CM said is correct... No one commenting that RSS is a true secular.. ..	0
Sonu sir please don't comment on any religion. Every religion have its own respect so don't mention particular religion if u have problem with loud noise then write on that electronic item........	1
your thoughts are just like your name.	0
"And ,, he will give 10 Times better performance in another next movie..., then 15,...."	0
"Good speech ! Don't keep saying ""justice to poor people"" and do screwed up implementation ...plan properly    So that poor don't suffer"	1
"Indians like loud noise  and they speak loudly even they are   anywhere in the world. We can feel it in Railway stations, bus srands, meeting places, religious ceremonies, marriages more over in Parliament, state assemblies, local body assemblies etc etc etc."	1
Now he's giving his best to just some how get in to Delhi. This mf had formed KJ. Poor Delhi had suffered a lot. In history it was Mahabharata and now Kejriwal 🤐🤐🤐	1
Excellent Manisha waiting for youtube version of the full coverage	0
I think Kanishka Singh should thrown out of the IE editorial board!!! A lier!!!! 😀	1
"We love and respect all the Gods  of all communities But according to me Everybody has a right to live peacefully in his house If personal peace of a person get affected by sound pollution he has every right to express his feelings What is wrong in that If the sounds will be reduced and restricted to that particular area  There will be no harm in doing that  Sonu has used his freedom of speech and expression"	1
#ENTERTAINMENT | Disha Patani is giving major dance goals to rumoured boyfriend Tiger Shroff.	0
Lic housing 2lot @536 and 2 lots @1546 should I hold..??	0
"chinese daily -""1975"" ------------------------------ japan was the biggest risk for the global economy --news of china during 1975 ..........  leaders never follow -addidas advertisement"	0
"If cow is our mother, then what will happen to our human mother? Should we just forcefully take the property of our human mother when she is old and evict her from house?"	1
"Bhakt itself got the tag of ISI agent , so I don't think they are in a position to call others anti National..."	1
Reporters should take the reaction of people who elected him	0
ALL THINGS SET UP...NOW A DRAMA OF CAPTURE..BAIL SANCTION..MONEY WILL TAKE CARE OF THE NEXT...	0
"Check out these 10 instances yourself, when the Internet kept laughing."	0
Don't call him.sir he is booth licker of modi idiot	1
will get Z cover like salwari baba and national award like Baldy kher and rajya Sabha seat like Z owner thug. keep thugging for mire and licking RSS shoes.	1
Speak in favour of Hindus you are communal. Speak and support  Muslims   you are secular. This is the definition. Of secularism in India.its high time we. Redefine our constitution. Otherwise so called  secularism is going  to destroy us.	1
"If God change any man, no problem anyone bt if change govt. So everyone problems. What is this ....."	1
"Sonu you being public figure you have only right to say certain thing such as water waste on holi, noise & air pollution on Dewali, being advocate of animals on jalikattu.etc etc...how can you say something like this about other faiths...you sound very illogical and not knowledgeable in other faith..."	1
What is crying need of the time is Hindu unity ....otherwise we will be thrown out of this country	0
"Home based work without investment  Work in your spare time and earn unlimited   We have offices in every city of India   Check last month Payment of 42lac   Type JOIN and WhatsApp us on this no. 8698614666"	0
Gadha is more hard working than man	1
Modiji do one time face to face war with Pakistan. Daag Dijye Missiles .	1
How can this happen? RSS going progressive! Time for commies and AIMIM to catch up 😝	1
Look how the pimp of RSS is speaks.	1
"Why do you join aap annaji, u had all ready join with RSS. Bjp."	1
"Suhel Seth! To the Point!  PLEASE don NOT make out too many stories out of this decision, which must have been well thought!"	0
People are complaining about long queues outside atms.....w/o realising the bigger picture.The same people are more than happy to stand in queues for reliance jio sim....LOL 😄	1
What is indian govt going to do with the hate and communal ppl around.	1
What anger....may be evil  sick mum kill your self	1
Surgical strike on informal sector for paving a path to corporates under the shadow of JIONGOISM😂😂😂	1
hhh........Pak army can do anything anytime and anywhere in the the total India Today	0
Only 7 residents of the area opposed the location of music night because of residential area and have some religious institutions. ..that's it	1
Dont go with Rajini. Hemsy sooil your market. He lost his fantacy and mass because of his non clarity of his comments and speech.	0
"Think about it....!!! A fenced LOC, with heavey patrolling, creepy mines, surveillance radars, drones and most importantly mutilated soliders.... it seems something out of mind ..... one thing u should remember our army could be any kind but they always respect their enemy...!!"	1
what you see Udayan ji will the chines currency strengthen from this move ?	0
Ambitious Plan! Courageous Declaration! Enormous Challenge! Js 6 yrs - time flies fast!	1
Sir can we expect huge rally in sbi like bank of india?????anuj sir	0
Get your figures and facts right! It's million not billion!	1
"Dominar, LOL come-on bajaj at least think of a better name."	1
Reservation to patidars & jats & saffron terrorism in india	1
here our ladies are talking about natural resource ........news flatulence-sounds great...please fix some silencer for your mouth	0
SMS GR to 51818 to get updates on the Get Rich shows	0
waiting for indian govt. to say kadi ninda for this act	1
I would like to congratulate CNBC 18 for getting so many record breaking comments. 😂 Never seen so many comments your post. Never knew there are so many hasty and self proclaimed political gurus in the country. Zero level of critical thinking in most comments.	1
"No problem, please send to JNU they will do the rest like Yakoob Memon funeral"	1
Satnam Singh- farmers are drying in Maharashtra ?  And do you want to say farmers were happy in Maharashtra before Modi was elected ??  Yaar suna to that sardar joke acche karte hai... Aaj saamne dekh bhi liya.. I am from Maharashtra and i know that farmers are being treated much much better these days... BTW if Anna is RSS agent then whose agent are you ?????	1
No matter what kind of cards u play now....one thing is for sure u r not going to win this coming election in UP.....mark my words	1
Is it Leone or the  Ad company making the  advert that is at fault?	1
400cc bike and very less HP better I'll buy 2017 KTM Duke 390 with 44 HP	0
"we can see dollar strengthened naturally , also indian women can get extra visa -this is the untold gift by hillary to indian women"	0
If he was Arvind Kejriwal- he would be trolled	1
This fellow is nauseating. He should be kicked on his back for his day to day drama. He is a fool wasting every bodies time.	1
"Tell your pm to go and eat cake on birthday without invitation, hehe"	1
I HAVE 4 LOT SHORT SELL IN ULTRATEC CEMNT 4000 RATE WHAT SHOUD I DO PLZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ	0
anna is aanother middleman of bjp......he always speaks against kejriwal but never against wrong doing against bjp	1
"As per a US attorney, the convict had imported male enhancement pills from China and distributed it throughout the US"	1
"He had no self respect, he should have resigned when UPA lost miserably..This Is for all his dumb chamchas..."	1
Best idea for progress of telecom as well as users	0
Dog remark was for azam khan	1
"You cannot survive in politics even for a day. Politics is no child's play, especially in India. One has to play a bit dirty."	1
Anuj plzz let me know why price of delta corp is going up ?	0
Awsome ... Its less cost and great bike ... Bcame my dream bike.. Most better than KTM duke 390 current model	0
South indians like u r not hindu....hindu never eat beef...who eat they r not real hindu.	1
"Buy Freedom 251 smartphone at rs 251 only at http://bookfreedom251.com/ Booking open"	0
"Its 2017 and people have to justify what they ate!   God bless us everyone !!!!"	1
She did not know anything about acting	1
"Bjp lost due to hue & cry by opposition over EVM, warna 10 ke 10 chale jate"	1
This is not culture..this is immoral pictures depicting the ill mentality of artist about women	1
So he joined bjp internally.	1
Shirish kunder.. I don't know how u became what u r now ;) ##presstitues pole dancer	1
In mumbai too many top politician will pray for his health	0
Also using the same while free schedule found phone calling very poor performance and little bit disappounted. Its not understood living in Ahmedabad gets such annoying experience then wt abt small places or towns ?	1
.. I find both of them as too over rated .	0
"i want to now about elantas back & ksl, & what is the target in 3 months"	0
I did not know that rain would influence vehicle sales.	0
he is mad i dont think so he is businessman	1
Is he sleeping when congress government is existing and enjoying the corruption money through multiple scams.	1
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
It should be done by their parents and JNU staff but delhi police doing. It's ok at least some body here to teach them.	1
I think you are Rahul Gandhi supporter	1
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
"Who let the dogs inn, the hospital.. :) . If any chicken comes to your home would you send it back with greeting or would you cook it.."	1
"Sham on u goof randians , y u blame Pakistan for every thing freedom fighters have done this"	1
"All Indian army was watching  Bahubali 2/ IPL during Pakistan army crossed the border and killed two Dogs and mutilated them 😂😂😂😂😂"	1
Appeal was made because they were conducting the show near a graveyard and a mosque so they appealed didn't force like RSS	1
Pakistan is trying to establish that they got killed by fire.....such casualties take place in cross border fire.....to mutilate a body u need to have dat body in ur custody.....if Pakistan army crossed the LoC which u hav fenced all along and mutilated the bodies and came back then plz tell ur army to start wearing bangles as part of thier uniform.....and if they were inside Pakistani territory then surely they were at wrong place .....😉😉😉	1
No CM can work against the Constitution..pl do not draw conclusions even before start ..let the CM work ..after all the people are the referee n judge...	1
Dabba trading thing will benifit market .. Isn't it? In any way they will return in legal manner... Aren't v discounting little too much on the basis of levels did last time	0
Yadav hang aapproved by military  court.military  court  always   use for military  personal.yadav is military  man.it's  always universal  in the world. It's  not new.	1
Where do they all come from?--hot seat for old news poured into your brain ...welcome to hotel cnbc tv 18 ...such a lovely place such a lovely place   .......lryics dedicated for cnbc tv 18	1
Sunny Leon would not face any problem if she did a FAIRNESS CREAM ad.	1
If sonia say's to invest in market i L sell my gold & silver and invest for at least 20 years	0
"PURCHASED IDFC CE60 @0.45 and IDFC BANK CE65 @0.8, HOLD or SELL?"	0
"Nusrat Nazir- your information is wrong. Gundas, irrespective of their caste or religion need to be booked."	0
Surprised why Supreme court ignores states if they exceeds their own Ruling?	1
Why there is too much paper work for getting loan??	0
Just go and ask those who made them sleep on roads for 70 years...	1
If is it true then this is the best ever news.	0
No any dialogue only dialogue  baltastan and POK not Kashmir	1
">Study >Work hard >Become an IPS >Take orders from idiots"	1
I support the statement. Its doesn't have to be religious every time. I even hate when during durga pujas people put loudspeakers. I remember the time when I had class 12th board exams and one speaker was just beside my room. I used to curse them a lot. People do not speak when a Muslim or a Hindu is dying of hunger or poverty but will now all gang up against sonu nigam. God bless humanity.	1
But how many years do they expect when receiving this jumbo amount from the corrupted Indian govt. establishments..still a QQuestion???????????????	0
Well it looks like cnbc has no proper news left..	0
Yogi ji must pull up act strongly against such high handed& discourteous  MLA's who feel it's their birth right to throw their weight around .	1
We are again hearing abt ONGC divestment . Heard it @470 levels also. Stock is now 250 Whats ur take ?	0
Hack a website. Rape a girl. That's what Randian can do	1
What's wrong with muslims.it's impossible for any country to live with them.the country who accepted these people are now facing terror	1
if u r short term investor then u should keep distance to RIL.....but u can enter in reliance infra and reliance capital	0
Great ideas. Modji is a  great visionary.  Just ensure successful implementation.	1
Indian Democracy - highly educated officers have to listen to filthy MLA goons	1
I started hating sonu nigham from today.......and will till death	1
"We have given chance to corrupt govt for decade's. It is right time to give chance to right regime govt with good visionary steps"	1
U people only show off.... do something u can show to the world hahahaha	1
This types  of man most punished as per law of IPC	0
Its a big motorcycle for big towns and big dealers	0
There's no harm in dressing the way you want but sweeping the floor! A big no	0
"Thomas Kuruvilla Baven and filthy  convert like you spreading love....lol......  Remember...one day....people like you will cry....we will make you cry...for your hypocrisy and pseudo secularism......"	1
Very good decision of old man Yechuri!let him take rest at Home permanently ! Enough is enough!	1
Ill definitely check it out then	0
Army captured him good. But it was very good when they hang him in any city in Baluchistan. Public execution. We trust on our army more then our lives.	0
Itchguard is on bumper sale today	1
Let BJP come forward n disclose source of all donations received from crony capitalists	1
Vote out Shivsena in the elections soon to be in Maharashtra	1
Haha.... Soon you Pakistan will see real lesson of surgical strikes.... Just wait and watch.... Before 2020.. I bet ur PM.. Nawaz Sharif.... Will on his foot and will request mercy.. Note down this... In ur memory.... Mark my word.. We will hit hard.. Very hard.....jai hind...	0
These are the repercussions of making an uneducated person our PM there is still lot to come I regret for my vote for modi	1
"And it is not jealous .. In cpec Pakistan will gain profit that it give their man jobs and improve industry...China will gain profit that it decrease their long root into shortest distance .....now, tell me what will India gain profit by joining cpec (as india have already best location to do trade with any country in shortest distance.. and Indian industry is already in most fastest  increasing  face)"	0
we all are humans and stop hate each other. if he as 3rd party can help why not to let him . look y r 3 rd world coz we like violence instead of solving by talks. i hope it will work	0
"We got to see nice move.  But we actually don't know what's ur reason for such move.  But I can say one thing it was not executed properly."	1
When you stop giving bread to a Dog (Afg) ..he'll definitely bark at you😆😆	1
Those who can't give justice to there women should not speak on others matter	1
Mr vinit Sharma .. do you really know what you are commenting?	1
RE is the best it is giving fighting to HD and u think of	0
You guys are doing a great job ... keep it up	0
Stupid media like you are the big issue for india... the loss you mentioned is something from foreign investment? Or some production loss? It's old people's money goes to government so that politicians can enjoy ... 😡😡😡⚠️	1
"it is because of ur crap and corrupt politicians who kill the meritorious candidates and uplift the non deserving category , rural service , and difficult area doctors , and finally and unfortunately the result is like this !"	1
Hi Anuj & Sonia Shenoy always plzr to listen u. what view on banknifty	0
That was blessing I gave u to own cars.... U r the only one who can refuse a blessing... No problem you only use the cars but I'll pray I own them someday...	1
"Raisha actually shahid will never let her work, as he is way too a typical man. So she has to present this is in a more respectable way so this statement has come out."	1
"I hope Sonu Remembers Shahbaz Ali Sayyed...the boy who helped him when he was in disguise as a Street Beggar!  I hope that was not Gundagardi but compassion.. Had lot of respect for Sonu Nigham but I pity his illogical and baseless comment that should have no place in a country like India."	1
Shut down every party and make India great  in the whole world	0
It's an attack on Modi Govt and not AK.	0
"I am not sure about import goods but If the need arise pakistan can teach you the art of begging and procuring stuff , also they have a spectacular achievement in the field of missiles which changes colour and trajectory in mid air( known as chameleon missile ) . Don't underestimate pakistan as they are the only country known to survive via begging which is a god gifted talent"	0
"Mr Shirish Kunder you may not know, but we made a man PM in 2014 with even better credibility than Aditya Nath and he has been behaving since then, at least he didn't participate in any riots. So, we have taken the similar chance here as well. Also, your suggestion all makes sense, making Dawood CBI chief, make him behave as well :V"	1
Is Indian Express out of its mind ?	1
"So israel is now like america and the UK, National Fascism has taken control of the country. My Sincere Apologies to the People of Palestine for with america, UK,and israel under nationalist fascism your lives will become harder and the Genocide/Aparthied that you are under will increase in every way."	1
I hope the dynamic CM will take adequate action against the hospital.	1
Gangs of Wasseypur?? You guys think before writing...	1
fractured finger theory ...ladies finger news ..french finger fried in the hot pan of cnbc tv 18 .say cheers	1
And we denied bcz u didnt even have a proof to do a surgical strike in pakistan territory or even u have no video evidence to enter in pakistan ..	0
I might buy the bike jus becoz I saw the launch ...so disappointing	0
She is a  Hindu  then why her  body is  being  buried  ?	0
Wt will she do ...wen u ll visit ur very own holy country ...	1
"--HDFC profit------>investors --->buy your mansion, private jet,horses, vacation homes, a 170-foot yacht our keki mistry have revealed the history--dividenends payed for performing assets and non performing assets -not revealed -mystry?"	0
Jio Till june end are april and tell me plz iam confused	0
From his own state gujrat he will be wiped off	1
"Priyanka Sahai I'll ans you after little while, wait"	0
"Sonia mam plz tell abt Sintex , can it touch 95 ? thanks"	0
Needs to be severely taught public manners	1
Looks like he needs a slap from Shah Rukh Khan again!	1
You people are allergic. Try to be mindful of your words. We need not necessarily hurt other's sentiments.	1
Don't kill intermediate/brokers first make them engaged with make in India concept	0
Parthiv Patel said that Mumbai will look to get back on track in the next match.	0
"Instead of being a successful woman professionally, be a successful mother, wife, daughter."	1
For that sake you make Tamil Nadu people protest like this.....	0
"I will watch If this channel Available on DD DIRECT+ DTH...... DD DIRECT+ h to sahi h.... if yrs channels is free 2 air.....why r not available on DD DIRECT+ Platfoam...?????????????  80 Crore people watch DD DIRECT+"	0
"THIS HAPPENS ONLY IN INDIA ... OLYMPIC MEDALIST ... SINDHU GETS OVER 2.OO MILLION DOLAR & SHAKSHI OVER 0.70 MILLION ... GREAT INDIANS , GREAT INDIA !! !!"	0
It's commie stooge paper.. what to expect?	1
"MLA'S, think they have all rights to abuse anyone, shame on them"	1
Misplaced priority took it to cowardice of Salaafi version of Jehadi ☹️	1
"agni with love .....what is the rack stock of agni 1 , agni 2 , agni 3 , agni 4 , agni 5 ...........let me have a guess agni -8 numbers , agni 1--12 numbers, agni 3 -10 numbers , agni 4 -4 numbers , agni 5 -1 in  number , agni 6 - under pipe line  ...total nuclear capability -1oo nukes can be made  , that can be fixed ......drdo check your rack stock....from daddy cool"	0
"And there is no human right violation? No human right brigade will come out and cry for these soldiers"	1
What are the prospects for the Auto and Auto Ancillary sectors for the H2 FY17?	0
"~~~>| BOT SITE : SERVER (1) | xXx_C H A U D H R Y S B O T T 3 R _xXx  _____________________________________________________|~~| ADD CLOSE KAR JUST NOW TOPP3R HUN |~~|  |~~| MERA COMMENT+ REACT BOT SAB S TOP PAR ,TU B LGA |~~|  #PAPAX~CHAUDHRY JUNAID <3 ABDUL SABOOR <3 ASMAT AMIN <3 AWAIS BUKHARI <3 CHAUDHRY AHSAN <3 ZAIN AQDAS  🌻SERVER (1)?  B| VISIT ~ CHAUDHRY-BOTTERS,COM |B ALL SERVER HERE ?______________________________________________________🌻"	0
And chutias like you are just putting allegations in social media !	1
Yeah..... Of course the country's brightest and best economic advisors aren't enough eh?	1
An awesome movie. Melodious chorous music. Lovely. Enjoyed watching every bit of it. Too good. Like mythological comic scenes. Too good	0
"i am surprised no one has resigned yet , so many attacks in just last few years and NOONE has resigned !!! And if this was UPA time choicest of abuses will be directed against Manmohan and Congress !! Why Modi silent now ?"	0
Win 50%   50%two side	0
if earning is not up in coming months   how i can belive in indian equity  that popping now  only based on expectaions	0
I will only ask u. Why u want to give BJP VOTE for MCD specifically	0
Sonia ma'am is much more busy in her mobile than the stocks or live telecast :p	1
"Anuj any idea about sterlite technologies it moved 4 .5% today , can we expect more"	0
"Transformational and reinventing sustainable India. Also, rebuilding credibility of core Hindu value of live and let live with mutual respect for all."	0
Microsoft windows was designed to meet the business requirements. Where as Linux only objective was free OS. It took several years to evolve as complete OS with different flavours and distro to choose from. Windows followed their traditional legacy in transforming OS and people got familiar to it. But same did not work with mobile devices. Their approach went wrong while following same models for all devices. Probably they were trying to imitate Ubuntu Touch interface but they failed.	0
"Dont worry the day we will kill you , we will own it and put it on first screen of your porki news channel ..."	1
"Ban the triple talaq, ban the caste reservations ."	1
"Brave indian army will now hit with a surgical strike ,which is imaginary."	0
Then tell all Khan actors to stop acting and singing in films.	1
"Whatever this RM is honest, needs to make railways more efficient to improve the ratio."	0
"Why your panelists are always wrong.  They say nonsense all the time."	0
this is fake post.. only cricketers and corrupt sorts officials earn so much.. im sure they only wrote this post after nearly killing our runner Jaisha by not even giving her water	0
"Anna didn't talk about Kashmiri Pandits, triple talaq, malda voilance.... And so on... But the BJP is not calling him pro Congress..."	1
"Bhai.....as the Muslims, not all the hindues hate muslims.....only a handful bhakts cant represent all hindues......we have lived peacefully and i assure you that things will be normal as it was before this jumla govt."	1
Now we have to eat according to the dictates of the government.	1
For the love of momo.	0
"on this matter no rapid action took place , rule of is same but waiting and keeping insight to the personality."	1
"Simply bi cot this man as a business men.  1st  he became yoga guru, then with the help of yoga preach politics, then use to sell hi product by mouth to mouth marketing, then using old days thinking ad strategies based on divide and rule politics. making medicines, FMCG goods etc and know the pants. He is not sanayasi baba he is pure business men. Cleaver business men."	1
And also paid by congress	1
"Plz. Don't forget your UPA1 and UPA2 ,atleast country moving towards constructive direction under one person , your time was the worst and disaster move of country under one family..."	1
Indian express is an anti Hindu publication ..always biased..!!!!	1
Dim wit    she doesn't know only perverts who have no respect for women and treat her as material will rape.  All men are not rapist majority are decent only few are perverts some men even if drunk women fall on them they will not touch her.  And of course all these men watch movies  but they know to distinguish between reality and imagination	1
"We never needed Lok Pal. We just needed a party that can build Ram Mandir to cure cancer, child labour, poverty, climate change etc... and much more. :P"	1
"Anna Saab, why don't you too form a committee and probe ..?"	0
Will maulana will give hindus to worship in his house.	1
Bollywood has been the fiefdom of select few and those who raise voice against are ostracised. It's good that some one has raised the issue.	1
#pakistanichutiya. No matter how much in denial you know you will not get Kashmir. But we will surely make Baluchistan and NWFP and Sindh independent.	1
It is better to you to reveal your RSS double face in public.	1
"Where is 56"" chest and his andh bhakts will they take serious actions r they will do kadi ninda 😠😠😠"	1
"MAKES SENSE xD Maybe he took one flight in each aircraft"	0
Cansel article 370 and give possession Kashmir to Indian army.	1
They use Internet Explorer to gather their quota of news 😂😂😂	1
"Triple talaq victim??? Or a victim who's in Laws forcing her to abort her child?  2ndly when such a criminal is asking for abortion, shld we expect that he will follow proper rules of islam?  Nd more over Zakia Jafri who's husband died in riots infront of her eyes also seeks justice so will Modi response to her also???"	1
Keep dreaming guys your army scared to face a Powerful Pak Army...........	1
"Really?? And what if your boss promoted his less talented nephew over you who so righteously deserve it having the best qualifications, ambition and acumen? Dear one ,WITH GREAT POWER, COMES GREAT RESPONSIBILITIES. If kj promotes nepotism why the veneer of this sleek , smart and conscientious gentleman? Who is stopping him? But then one needs to be image conscious in this world, rite?"	1
"Do any one know about Kalinga Nagar in Jajpur K Road, Odisha, where more than 5 big steel plants situated and more than 5 hours power cut done per day and with a minimum elect charge of Rs.500/- per month , how our life goes ...."	0
She was icon in herself. She undoubtedly etched the large space in hearts of people till eternity !	0
"Hi , Sir Can We expect Expiry to be arnd 9400...."	0
This is insane. We need re-election	1
"Great sir,under your dynamic leadership power sector is becoming very strong."	0
"At NSE, shares of the company plunged 5.28 per cent to Rs 1,520.60."	0
"Tollywood Parbhas Die Heart Fans Where Is Parbhas Acting in Bahubali 2 😂😂😂😂😂Bahubali 2 it's Graphics Cartoon Movie Don't Compare Indian Cinema Bollywood Movies Khan Acting Aamir , Salman & Shahrukh Acting"	1
U r right  mam	0
But How Much she spend  for his diet ? Such a cheap	1
problem is morons commenting on things without even trying to understand what is being conveyed.. Government is not there to trouble honest guys in the name of recovering black money..?? Today if the police take your family members to police station and keep them there for three days only to  say that they did it for  catching some thieves would you agree . ??	0
Yes india needs time and favourable neighbour space bt why defence obssession of india is growing disproportionately all due to bjp govt need true leaders like mahatma gandhi to show the way	0
Only indians watch our movie unlike hollywood which are watched all over the globe	0
"Government should pass a law that whosoever found cheating public, their petrol pump will become the property of the government. Then these cheaters will lose their property to the government"	1
Why does BJP have objection on seems like everything ? Irritatating fact !	1
Lol.... Indian Express what is happening with u... Please see the results now.. biased media	1
"Kumar Gaurav It's good for you atleast you wake up at 5am in morning"	1
"Just remember ""everything is not fair in love and war "" . Be it love or war , sometimes even losing is not a bad option . Winning by any method is like ""victory without honour ""."	0
But that's hypothetical. BJP will never win.	1
I don't know mr. Nigam... But I'm laughing at you as loud as possible because u r still kid.... Hahahhahahahh	1
"PURCHASED IDFC CE60 @0.45 and IDFC BANK CE65 @0.8, HOLD or SELL?"	0
Deposits of old notes in accounts of political parties exempt from income tax http://www.livemint.com/Politics/83hSnXRdZmz3K7RAfxPxVK/Deposits-of-old-notes-in-accounts-of-political-parties-exemp.html	1
"Wait till one year  Which grouth dropped slowly it's give negative results"	1
It's india army who mutilated own soldiers only to play victim card and create justification to Mutilate bodies of Pakistan Soldiers ...... Shame India	1
Like modiji responded to others ? By surgical strikes which is a routine practice and by fooling the public that u did something ?	1
Yeah because once they wore uniform they aren't human anymore?	1
Pls check how your minister s daughter's wedding are been done by so much expensive but what the government is saying to common man that they must do it in 2.5 lakhs is it good	1
I think our Army is not capable of defeating Pakistan...	1
Tata chemical view pls ? Its more like fmcg company than checimal	0
This game of money will never get over as long as evil is in the World	1
I have learned this things.	0
Why all muslims are speaking against modi in this video??? Mohd sufiyan ashraf all muslims... so sad man	0
2019 will show Mr. Modi as a true leader who actually works for the country and all its people no matter from which religion they are. As citizens everybody should be proud to have this leader.	0
No need behead them just send them your product they will die them self slow poison patanjelly!	1
"Bhai this is not mainstream. Even Mira Rajput said third wave feminism is destructive.  And yes, mainstream feminists are indeed bullies. They keep on rioting and creating ruckus. They hate free speech, they conceal facts, they project lies etc (I have evidence for all of it. So please counter my perspective and not my facts)"	1
"Yes y nt Md. Sir, noise pollution is noise pollution, SC has law of not playing speakers from 22.00 to 06.00, i believe everyone shud follow it, evn my Gurudwara.. Nd i aint sying there shud be no loudspeaker in religious place, it shud be there bt in a controlled way abide by Indian Judiciary laws.. If wt u r doing is legal noone has the power to stop u... And as u can see Sir, i aint defaming neither supporting any religion here, i m supporting wt is right according to my point of view.."	1
Let's ban all movie halls within 500 metres of temples and schools :p Children will be less violent then	0
"BROTHER ..............IN A DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM  , CITIZENS CHOOSE THE GOVT. .................GOVT. WILL TAKE APPROPRIATE ACTION IN RIGHT TIME ................IF GOVT. WILL NOT GIVE BEFITTING REPLY TO THE ENEMIES , THE PEOPLE OF INDIA WILL CHANGE THE GOVT.  IN THE NEXT ELECTION ................THIS IS THE "" PEOPLE'S POWER "" IN A DEMOCRATIC SYSTEM .............AND , YOU WILL SEE THE RESULT OR CHANGE IN NEAR FUTURE ..................."	0
"Here Azam Khan is pointing it out Modi's 'Dog' attack on Congress and not of his own. Being a Prime Minister of India , and keeping up the respect of the Chair he is holding, he should not go so cheap in the public. Never before any PM went to this level of low. It's OK as Road side Politician, but not as a PM of the country. Peeping into the bath room, using low level words, what kind of culture we are promoting? Please note here I am nit endorsing Azam Khan."	0
his golden era has gone a decade ago...now trying to be part of politics specially bjp......listen..there are various festivals throught the year..with loud speakers...on that case we never feel disturbance....becoz we know that thats the part of INDIA...	1
"Nirmalya Dan he was good in work as a minister, don't know what happened to him now. He took many good measures in water department and cleaning of yamuna."	0
"You are right Kuldeep Ji but it is not them alone,some rats were consumed by those Hindu brothers also who left on Jagmohan's advice,why and how you know.I wish all our Hindu brothers back in valley and may God let us together live in peace."	1
take him to border and push him to pakistan territory.	1
Can we Buy CADILAHC at current level after today news ?	0
What ever they say is now correct	0
how come MR.DIGVIJAY SINGH comes to know everything even b4 the CID OR POLICE. Is he ANTARYAMEE	1
Truly agree.. I believe working lady can up bring a better independent child. To look after your child you don't really carry them on your lap for the whole day long. It's should be individual choice rather than pulling down and disrespect other's choice.	1
David L Roberts  and P.S - your an American citizen and Donald Trump is your President. To say or believe otherwise doesn't change reality. Get some help	0
First go and check the spelling of (Mohatama Gandi) 😂😂😂😂	1
How will be psu banks next week...rate cut 25 or 50 ?	0
Fully agree.i was in Istanbul for a month in 2006. One of the best city I have visited and now ...it is one of unsafe city..only this guy made it possible.	0
What is the link for your problem with this article?	0
bhai tell him most of d black money lies wid politicians and beaurocrats earned through scams nt wid d common peoples of india who are suffering a lot	1
Idiot we can't get our own money from the bank	1
He (Hazare) dashed indians hope. Where is Lokpal bill for which u did so much drama ??	1
"I informed the authorities about NSEL, following a tip-off, 6 months ago. I wonder why they took so long in taking action. Monitoring and gathering evidence probably!"	1
sry sir but i have wasted my first vote for u	1
Rahul What's your address? I'll send some burnol right away!	1
U read kannur news papers. Ull come to know how many RSS n BJP workers killed by CPI goons each month	1
"Ajay Singh Baghel Pls don't pass this kind of sentences Ur great and Ur thinking is nice Stay blessed bhai"	0
Facilitating bank thuggery is the idea behind this exercise. Who said banks love you?	1
"And they said women in India haven't given right to wear anything they want...  All we wanna say...at least wear something..."	1
"She is not fit for lPS. An IPS officer should never be emotional while on duty and that too before an MLA who is rudely behaving with her. She should be bold and strong enough to handle the politicians in such circumstances. First of all she should not have ordered for a lathi charge. Women were protesting for a good cause ie, to stop selling liquor near the villages. After the lathi charge, MLA intervened who represents that village."	1
@Indian Express Even if you want to degrade some particular group of people. Please do come with something that make some sense or at least something that is not happening with people in other parts of the world.	1
Hey..buddy..whats the duty of police and court in our country..dont say foolishness	0
what is the need of 2000 Rs notes if you really want to stop curruption	0
Now you understand... what is the actual surgical strike is😂	0
who  rapd  nun  in  bngal  mulim	1
"Thank you very much for your kindness to update me about it. I wish you would know that I am equally connected to the media as you are. I wish to let you know that do not come to me with ur beef n pork arguments. When some ask why not beef, a set of people would answer why not pork! Hope I am clear to you."	1
"Iyogi employees need justice .. Most of the employees, even people in higher management have not been paid for more than 3 months... There are people who even feel to commit suicide now as they are broke.."	0
"subsidies should be given to PV module manufacturing companies and R&D companies in solar , energy efficient production system."	0
"Anna Hazare is solely responsible for creating a monster ""Kejriwal"" who has crossed all limits of stupidity."	1
Sane ppl couldn't do anything so far ....at least he has the objectives and know what's to be done so that our country  leads towards a bright and  better future...	1
They won't get goats there	1
Shame on shiv sena ...he should have been thrown out of party !!!	1
Jabong has stopped servicing they r customers for the last 7 days....  Hope ubr able to fix this	1
now this is called the surgical strike which the enemy admit itself	0
A person balance can be found out by entering the account number and date of birth.	0
"Cess on tobacco & manufactured tobacco substitutes, including tobacco products capped at 290% ad valorem"	0
Religious confessions....to get some award from govt.	1
"And you have a problem with that? When BJP has assigned all of the 7 Delhi MPs and Modi has asked his Cabinet ministers to campaign and Amit Shah is himself looking after a simple 'MCD"" elections, then probably you should understand the gravity of these MCD elections. But sorry, you may have taken monies to keep your mouth shut against BJP and projecting, irrelevantly,  AAP in a bad light. :D"	1
"Such a uneducated and serious les Ministers, they want to follow saudi laws blindly"	1
Funeral for the people who are going to die in this bike	1
Its very easy to be critical..How have you contributed to the country's success. You people dont even pay taxes!	0
You got chance to explain but few people lynched before they could explain.	1
Ur views on jindal saw. Can it go up more	0
Nilesh Shah is constipated with words. I wonder about his suggestions. Not putting my money on his reco.	0
For UP..Elections..JNUSU playing The Dalit card..	1
"kalbhoshan had 6 months to appeal, he was not going to b hanged immediately,  so stay is useless at this stage"	0
"Unitech    ,   what to do on this stock,  suggest me"	0
In bog trouble?lol...do some research first	1
Whoever is gng negative comments are involved in black money u bloody people	1
Now we will see what seculars *cough*Muslim cock suckers*cough* have to say	1
Who cares about fatwa. Fatwa has no role in our legal system. Any fatwa against a citizen is supari and threat.	1
"FOOL,lady killer how dare you talk about the Congress Party like this you fool"	1
Is there more down side...as u r expert on short term analysis ;)	0
Spend these amounts before medals i think we will achiveve more	0
"Anna ji where is lokpal? According to u, now corruption level is ZERO  and no need of lokpal. Bas kro Anna ji bahut hogaya, apna health ka khayal rakhna."	1
"You can say ,it is the fight between BJP & Congress within AAP. Here ,I am with BJP"	1
Yes - it's a cash based economy so the steps demontization will affect the GDP and future growth. The poor will suffer. Want to chase the black money - go to the Swiss bank	1
"They gave him a fiery short cut to Ja🔫🔫at, where 72 hijda hoores and Ham Lover Ma-HAM-Mad are waiting eagerly  👉👉👉"	1
"This is problem wen brands in india do a launch ....so funny  and cheap drama"	1
"Only 8 teams in Cricket🖕😂  Indian Express says Competing teams😂😂😂"	0
BEST TEST OF PATRIOTISM - LET PEOPLE DIE CHANTING VANDE MODI WITHOUT MONEY AND FOOD LIKE IN BRITISH RULE	0
Army is not raping u fool.u r brain washed..army is there to maintain peace..i have realised thay kashmiris are the most duffer people on earth..shame on u..	1
What abt the cricketers..... Y can't they pay anything...? They r awarded with crores of rupees just by playing any match.... forget abt the winning....	0
It may be bad for some Indians but great for all India	1
No chandan he targeted all religion.. And he has a point..I think he said right..I remembered our childhood we always woke up by religious announce..	1
Not sure if this can survive in Mumbai looking at road conditions	0
Focus on your people not on Pakistan or India saley	1
Pls view on Pharma sector like SUN PHARMA & LUPIN?	0
"Now tell the other people commenting,  that there are temples in Kashmir Rahul Sharma"	1
"Please advise about gammon infrastructure,  can I hold or sell it."	0
No one can beat modiji.he is in a class of its own.now one can hope for a brighter India .	1
Views on rane brakes..can  hold  for few months	0
Are you sure you are a Muslim or you are just fooling people with your false name. But if you really are you are undoubtedly a 'munafiq'. And may you rot in hell.	1
"Only allegations, just media coverage and just to distract public opinion from modi's policies failure"	1
"Bought Crompton Greaves CE65 @0.9, what target should I keep??"	0
maybe you need to research more on why there are Maoists in that part of india in the first place. Understanding the problem will give you a wider perspective and maybe even how to better deal with them.	1
I agee with Mr.Ishan Chopra. People like Baba as Tog Guru not as bussinis guru.	0
Reduction in accidents & home violence + good health for all	0
And naxalites praises antinational  NDTV. The enemy within the nation.	1
So much sympathy towards thieves...find no difference between sympathisers and thieves...bcoz sympathisers are by nature communal and want others to be secular with them..	0
Pakistan respect and pay honour to ourneighbors.. Can't even think to insult or mutiliat any person.. There's hidden enemy who is busy in such type of barbaric activities.. Our defense minister Khawaja Asif category denied on this horrible incident.. Indian should believe we Pakistani r peace loving nation. and want good relationship with our neighbors. Be friend. Hate revenge  war is not the solution.. Negotiation. Dialogue is the best solution..	0
Miksau Sen  stay away from markets till January 2017. Then buy at lower levels. Stay invested till 3 years	0
Hope he now realise the pain he had given & bleeded India	0
"😵 Sugar?💃 No🐺 thanks,👵 i😱 am🌱 already😁 sweet..👃   🎭 GANGSTER BOT TEAM 🎭 Self Comment Site: pythons.ml"	0
"Fudged EVM machine malfunctioned , that's why AAP got 67 seats, Exchanging maximum vote, failed, and maximum vote AAP received , by defect or early stage software mis calculation. Later it made perfect to cross exchange votes. UP result for example"	1
Seriously? Bheem with those fat hands?	1
"jayant sinha -sir  we will win , have done the cut copy paste of all budgets of  the past , finance minister -i know it , ha ha , you are busy in  north block  making your people to do the cut copy paste job ..creative content"	0
Have we stupid Indians made our mind to give a befitting reply to porkistan in facebook only... plz wait and we have confidence in our army...	1
Hi Anuj Does MOIL also falls in your Metal Bull Market theory ...	0
Modi or BJP doesn't need to speak on Tripple Talaq...there are requirement of women that has to be taken care for their development and self dependant....modi jee..if I really want to do something.. .then do something to construct their future otherwise leave to distruct their personal life....just think	1
What the hell is happening 🤔	1
Just 2 seats more than BJP 😜	1
"Nusrat Nazir Saudi Arabia is well documented for systematic discrimination against the expatriate laborers not just from India but also from other countries like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh and so on. In fact, some nations had to put stop to labor immigration because of the horrible treatment their citizens received under Saudi system."	1
I have bought 100 shares of Reliance Infra at 786/-. What's your view?	0
"Plz muslim frend dnt speak the language of past incident,,,, plz be in present and think about future,,,,, he is the only man ,,, which can create a diamond pic of india"	1
"So good to know, Bahubali 2 has done super business in USA too."	0
"That's what happens when Aryens in our country largely illiterates are ruling Literare n knowledgable Dravidians .  EC should not allow anyone below a graduate ( certainly not North Indian UP type of graduates) to vote in elections ."	1
So it was never required when ex  pm IG was the PM. Educated idiot	1
Diggi is enough to bring congress all time low....Thank you	1
there are no coverage other than CNBC?  its looks like as arranged function for the publicity Purpose only.	0
"absolutely.....only GDP doesn't define the development of a country. Almost 80 % of Indian capital market runs by FII,  more than half of the business entity is MNCs. India is way more back in Human development Index, sanitary index, Unemployment rate, GDP per capita, Poor currency value, no united security council member, no OECD member, no NATO member....Comparing us with country like UK based on GDP is not cool."	0
He is a time person of the year for Divided state of America	0
"It takes guts to tell the truth in current situation, you are gutsy Latha. keep doing good work. kudos!"	0
"more more people need to try atleast to check their talent, look at Japan, China they have Huge number of talents, why not Indians ?"	0
Doubt RBI had any say at all in the decision of #DeMonetisation It was govt diktat!	1
Useless look your audience and what event you doing here. Stupid idea	1
A grass root visionary. Tight slap to all the intellectual illiterates from ivy league univs.	1
How they are going to dominate that time will say ?	0
it's strange people start to comparing 2 different sectors without any reason instead of congratulating them	0
"If he had been so wrong,how he been winning  elections one after another. He represents all section of society consisting  of all religion  and castes. Being pro India, He is described  Hindu terrorist. Shame on such media."	1
Are we supposed to rejoice? Such BS	1
Why don't you compare the five worst riots post Independence and let's know where he faltered more than the Congress CMs of the other riot hit states	0
Tough competiton to RE :D :P Bajaj do u have Rahul Gandhi syndrome?	1
"Yes, Pakistan army first targeted them with rocket launcher then crossed over into Indian territory, mutilated the bodies of Indian soldiers and then came back safely. How stupid and idiot the Indian people are."	1
"Modi ji, Can you declare all Rs 500 and 1000 notes deposited  by political parties/temple trusts waqf boards to be zero value ???? This money is not the earning of political parties or trusts but donations. No person cal claim as thier own..  comnpare this with counterfeit money donated to political parties by cash ....can they clain it as legal tender? Demonetied notes are also not legal tender jusy because political parties are depositing it.  Can you answer in your nex Man Ki Baat....."	1
Only a time of election he remembers God & Varanasi	0
"Yes, the dead body of that terrorist should be thrown for the animals and birds to eat out... Make them all a lesson, whatever be their religion,  once their guilt is established by the due process of  law..."	1
Indian Express found Shirish Kunder more acknowledgeable personality    for front page news --- This is where standard of Indian express gone down -- Oh I forgot Wife of Sitaram Yachur is resident editor of Indian Express --- Then it is ok	1
The anti-drug drive launched by the Amarinder Singh government with a promise to eradicate drugs from Punjab in four weeks is turning out to be a repeat of the previous SAD-BJP government’s 2014 crackdown	1
"this is called real surgical strike along with proofs. and every thing is fair in love and war."	0
Lakti Ningthou... Better is you to write the script of mahabaratha... And may complete the cast. You kick out fool.... You know mt vasudevan the script writer had studeid of mahabaratha for 20 Years... And i hope you would not have better experience than him... So please. Realise the controversy....	1
"Pm cheat with  people  Real investigation  report  not published. Because  dawn leaks  done pm daughter. Everyone  know from politicians  to  civil  society."	1
Hope the apex court sticks to its earlier ruling and strikes down the latest move of the central govt. to make it mandatory for each and every individual.	0
You typical south Indian suffer from superiority complex. And you call yourself highly literate.	1
"You should complain. These loudspeakers shoupd be banned from every religious institutions. If a guy want to pray, he will go into the premise and listen to bhajan and stuff. Whtas the use of making non interested chaps hear the bhajan and ajans and what not."	1
Agree to nitin narang .....please punish bankers qho have supported pilingup new currency notes	1
"These congress goons have no more agenda, and will interfere in anything and everything, it's about time you stopped barking."	1
"Go far maruti only ...steady longterm bet  Sintex & Aarti volatile. Trading prospects Heritage food...no"	0
Well said . At least some one opened his mouth for majority who hate but kept silent	1
"Congrats Rahul... mummy will be soo happy with ur joke..😎, best comedian in the Parliment👏"	1
Have signed amendments to DTAA between India & Singapore: FM	0
Most Fenku PM. None of election promise fulfilled. Better go and sell chai now	1
I wonder if you ever had given sermons to people like owaisi... Don't get me wrong brother but like sonu nigam you should also weigh and say anything on public platform. You never know who may endorse your opinion and go on to hate people from particular community	1
Thn tell them not to exchange the currency at the home ND feel the same pain as commoners are facing...	1
How about putting the water out instead of being negative.	1
Ppl are so dumb they don't even know 114 is magic number ...but BJP gain a lot	1
We all are finished as our money n accounts are Freezed so does the country Willy survive.	1
Please give 15lakh to my bank. It was your primary promise !	1
Anna is now a confirmed agent of RSS/BJP	1
The word secular means not religious or spiritual and indian constitution has adopted this concept long back!!Whether the present is secular is anybody's guess!!!	1
Those who lost credibility because of corruption now pointing fingers at Honest CM. First see at yourself what Congress have done in MCD along with BJP. Nobody knows are you there in MCD or not for 20 years? Never raise any issue for public cause. just hand in glove with bjp. Now there comes AAP so both bjp & cong want to show goodness & honesty.	1
"#ENTERTAINMENT | With only a day of shooting left for #Tubelight, this is what director Kabir Khan has to say about Salman Khan!"	0
Nikhil Sinha So you mean to say a country without Muslim is the safest country in the world? Japan(a country with no Muslims) is on the 8th spot of most peaceful countries. Iceland(a place where 0.3% people are Muslim) is on the first place. Clear your misconceptions first about Islam.	1
GDP and population are growing parallel. Our nation needs to focus on population and job opportunities to all. This may be perfect solution to make our country best in the world.	0
Needs another one tight slap.. SRK anyone?	1
"Hey listen this party is the only party where each and every person have right to say their words. Its not BJP or congress where if somebody comments against their leader will through out of party.....🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹 Another thing brother log tuo modi ji se be bahut kuch puch rehe ha, kya modi ji ne monn warat reakha ha kya. Now EVM, not even a single statement or press conference by any official of EC is released till the date which shows something is happening.......🙏🏻🙏🏻🌹🌹"	1
Chaddis never join AAP...u came along with other chaddis to eradicate congress...	1
Annaji's action implies that he should has been in BJP!	1
and that logic comes out of chapter 29 verse 37 😂😂😂😂	1
"Uttar Pradesh elections 2017 phase VI: The districts going to polls on Saturday are Mau, Gorakhpur, Maharajganj, Kushinagar, Deoria, Azamgarh and Ballia."	0
"Anuj any idea about sterlite technologies it moved 4 .5% today , can we expect more"	0
"How come #Pakistan mutilated the bodies.. When as per initial reports by media 2 soldiers were injured.. Then they died  You have to be dead to get mutilated."	0
RSS is expert in spreading hateful rumors. Beware of it. NDTV is only trustworthy channel. Its reporting is unbiased and impartial. Subhash Chandra is BJP leader.	1
Zaira dear sister just I wane tell you one thing maintain kashmeri culture and kashmeriyat ??	1
Anna is the biggest traitor who has harmed the common people of India- the most! A big let down!!	1
poonam when you are going to become 80 years .........may be 2060 ? .....so just enjoy life	0
"It's India who not only mutilate dead bodies of soldiers but also kill it's own soldier to play victim card it's example is Pathankot , Pakistani Armed forces respects dead body , Do you think Pakistan Armed forces are stupid who mutilate soldiers and handed over to Indian Army so that they can play victim card ????????????????????????   It's just dirty mindset of indian army"	1
"When our own President appreciating the work done by the present Government, Opposition parties seems not interested at all... They shouldn't be like the #IndianCrabs ."	1
"Shakeel Mohammed Right Jaitley is another  Modi Chaiwala's  KMA . He too sneaked in through the back door. These back door entrances includes Smriti , also."	1
Lolz... He said he is gonna employ large number of people in cyber security sector.. are you gonna employ illiterates in that profile..????	0
They were killed by RPG and artillery fire from  long distance than how come Pakistani soldiers can mutilate their bodies?? It doesn't make any sense. it is just an other headline grabbing exercise by Indian Army in order to impress Turkish president...Erdagon made a statement earlier that he wants Pakistan and India to resolve Kashmir dispute.	0
His speeches show the situation is out of his control!! & he has no clue what move to make next!	1
Mr.Hazard you don't join Aap  and remain in your ideological party.	1
"What would br targets and when it will reach for Havell, asian tiles, amaraja,DHFL?????"	0
"When all the world moves on with a new thrust we idiots are still discussing on others food. Idiots barking out here, if anyone comes up and tell eating aloo is against their believes will u stop eating aloo and produce lesser gas? btw pepper beef dry fry is really tasty, if you dont know ask your bjp mates in kerala,"	1
What was the three main reason to be replaced him ?	0
Illiterate non Bengali's all around.	1
"Indian blame of mutilating Indian soldiers' bodies are false,Pakistan Army is a highly professional force and shall never disrespect a soldier even Indian: ISPR"	0
Read history. There is no definite ideals about Hinduism first. There are so many divisions and practices and you have to keep in mind that India was never a Hindu state under one ruler. Diversity is our character. Top of everything is our Constitution. Respect that.	1
To whom from we are fighting for freedom now ?	0
From when did lathi charge and water cannons become illegal . ?	1
"Anyone remember, bajaj ran an ad calling bullet, avengers brother, on brotherhood day"	0
"In these 40 days Modi also controlled the global warming on Mars because of his super intelligent Sudhir Choudhary certified GPS chip in his 2000 note. Now, Martians are thanking us like anything before for including Mangalyaan dp in 2K note. All these 40 days achieved us practically anything possible. Even change of 2K was achievable at all shops across length & breadth of India!"	1
Met gala is all about fun and outrageous outfits. She looks amazing is that outfit.  Repetitive jokes are so passé	0
In case of Delta Corp the regulatory risks are way too high	0
man what's with you people copy pasting the same comment everywhere.. don't y'all get tired..	1
It's the patriarchal social setting that prohibit the fee mixing of youth of two gender that provoke such incidents mostly. Meanwhile if our youth start taking clues on current politics from movies...they would have overthrown you all	1
"""bizzare economic policy""  Shall we start talking of demonetisation?"	1
Time to loudly denounce that kind of element who are threat to humanity.	1
"You did not watch the vedio correctly or pretending like this, this was a neutral Vedio where he urged all political parties to work in National interest, but Yu chose not to use this headline as it would get less hits on Like button. 😊"	1
Anti-national presstitute got seriously butt hurt. Pls sleep naked on a ice water filled water bed if burnol does not serve its purpose.	1
U r funny considering all leading economists have called it a major blunder .	1
"If population control and safe sex is immorality, no wonder we're the second most populous country on this planet."	1
"Now only surgical strikes frequently on Pakistan sponsored terrorist camps can keep Pakistan Army and ISI on their toes. No more talks, kill any body comes on the way of our security personnels."	1
No news channel will discuss this issue. All have become mouth pieces of bjp	1
Good action by Pakistan to give ABP news to chamchagiri the BJP	1
"I think Indian Express team is working only in BJP ruled areas and pointing out each and everything against the BJP ruled states  If anyone feels what I am telling is wrong  Request you to plz check this page of all reports u will find only BJP against news"	1
Shame on India TV who make famous this mother f...ker.	1
Watever wipro is doing but the behaviour over there is very bad	1
Money problem. Every one on this show is after money. ₹ 1.20 crore per episode to be shared by all including laughing Buddha Piddhu Paaji.	1
"The amount of blood, sweat, tears, pains ... .  . Those small moments of happiness lost... . . No amount of money can compensate for that. Let's feel proud of their achievements and drop the bean counting approach. . . . . P.S. :- If we were to search how many sportsmen/women didn't make it big, I am sure you all would change your views."	0
Afg shd be ready to pay for cost of Indian friendship	1
Far too many innocent lives have been lost in a system that is mired in corruption. Are we so arrogant now as to trivialise a child's life ? How come there has been no investigation into where the system has broken down ??	1
The Great Powers should avoid such dangerous inhumnan dramas to happen in the society.. . it creates bad results on one's health	1
"Now the SECULARS will bark... Since father disowned, he is not Indian 😂"	1
Delayed by 40 years...congress would have never done it..only govt whocould have done is this one	1
How mutilated? Did those jawan pigs came into Pakistan by crossing the LOC or our army came to Indian Occupied Kashmir LOC? May be doges tried to eat their flesh but they did not like it because those jawans were starving since couple of days HAHAHAHAHA	1
"Only corrupt , traitors , people who always want chaos in the country are against Modi and demonetising... whole nation is with Modi ... we are ok with inconvenience but we need clean and honest India"	0
Even you should be ashamed of ur mentality for blaming a any person by seeing his ancestors...	1
Bomb all the porky Army camps in the border...Right now...#deathtoPakistan...	1
This Lady is not getting the notion of the manufacturing cost logically...	0
"🙀 Great🌾 Post❕5😷 star  👤Indian Express, нανє α ℓσνєℓу Sunday  8| ғεεℓ נυsт иσω ^_^  Indian Express  :3 β๏тβ๏ss ▶ Priyajeet Jena Bapuni  ♨ BotBoss .Top 🔛"	0
UP CM said that black money helps in times of  recessionary pressure. Do you guys agree? I feel it's absolutely incorrect.	0
hahahahahahah...gormint..!! too good man.. next statement bhi to bol deta bhai.. :D though i differ from yr statement.	0
"Neel I have a question,  when Godhra Kand  happen then also how can BJP was winning the state again and again."	1
"Neel I have a question,  when Godhra Kand  happen then also how can BJP was winning the state again and again."	1
What else can you do? Nothing isnt my option. Im not going down without a fight.	0
Short term pain is there to see but long tern gain in certain. Have to wait & watch	0
These people are throwing stones because they are paid to do so by terrorist country Pakistan.	1
Sharika Parmar Tanvi Barua Amaal Akhtar Avarna Ojha I like her. I really do. Hell with Priyankas and Parineetis.	1
"Dividing? If you want them to lower the voice, they will do definitely. Try doing that to a Mosque and tell me if you come back in one piece."	1
Where do u see nifty heading ? After closing below 9200 ?	0
"Reservation getting is not mean it's easy to get job Nishnt Rao You need to work hard more then non reservation people.  My friend you need to study Indian Constitution so you'll understand each and every thing how you are taking everything easily in INDIA and how?? And By who ??"	1
"Stupid lady. Wonder who told her puppies need only one hour a day. Clearly she is disconnected from reality. And if the question is really about choices, her qualifying statement about her baby not being a puppy is uncalled for. She shld hv just said i am a homemaker because i choose to be one. Period."	1
what is domestic digital plan and how do see India after 5 years	0
Even the nation doesn't want STUPID and DUFFER like RAHUL GANDHI who  43 and still IMMATURE and CHILDISH by conduct. We need STRONG LEADER who can lead INDIA in positive direction. The days of TOFFEES and BALOONS are over its time to ACT accordingly. WE NEED MODI.	1
And the audience are on their feet.......moving towards the exit	1
In budjet why not mentioned of mp minister VIPs rxpan	1
"And then remove the black gown in one swift action, and the music changes to ooh la la ooh la la.. 😂😂"	1
"emerging out of the wall street bail out, today IT bail out cant be carried forward."	0
"what did we get from it ? joblessness and lower GDP. "" in long run , we , all r dead "" - J. M. Keyens."	1
"the players life is much struggling as the soldiers player start struggling from their childhood they deserve this and even our soldiers also ."	0
"Neil Khurana Haha a congressi 😂😂😂u guys r almost extinct, so glad to see one after such a long time. Btw what happened in 1984😂😉"	1
Nobody will talk about the Muslim goons who threw acid bombs & stones at the procession	1
Yes. Because now bjp has taken charge. Sunny please leave this country else you will be beaten to death.	1
"Introspection is more important . Course correction  is needed  . Kejriwal is not a typical politician who needs politics for survival . He can openly admit his fault & beg pardon ."	0
towmmr stock may fall ...short as much as u can	0
Nivas Lakshminarasimhan stalin defeated hitler aswell....whom our snaghis went to meet and were in owe	1
"I was personally fan and become bound to watch his alliance and particularly Mr Kumar Vishwas and his own made talent  including poet one,I believe that,*Zinke andaj shairana note gain,oonke jajbat aashikana vote hai*but what I get ,seriously I want to say * Aap aap ho gate bavajah,hum   tum ho gaye be vajah.Sorry to say you have lost not only yourself but believe of common Indians,who started to store power and confidence to stood before malapersonalities."	1
Virat Kohli said that he has no regrets about whatever he had said in the past because he feels it is right.	0
rajdeep this news for you ...my living robot in NDTV	1
Why to stop bjp....let something good be happen in India.	0
Magnes ore price @ 5 year high what about MOIL??	0
"Big bazaar is owned by future group and not reliance.  Kishore biyani is the owner."	1
"Keep your Maan ki Baat with you, not required, but take necessary action to save lives of our soldiers who are killed on every other day."	1
But it is better than Donald Trump ..... who will catch the girl from Vag**a...If he found girl sexy	0
Are we not human don't we have feelings...  People like you have dehumanized us to the extent of not even letting us feel...	1
"Few promises of modi in 2012. USA $ at 35 rupee. Huwa k nai. Wadra will be brought to book? Tax rate will be low? GDP @8%? No terrorism from pakistan? 1 crore employment per year?"	1
No one understood y she ws yelling.. So. They clapped	1
They asked Yami Gautam to launch the bike - she refused - so they are now trying to get Zeenat Aman....she will come and sing -	1
same on u kajol. I don't even expect this type of any reaction from your side	0
sachin injury never hurted him  from is performance -past record reveals .....because he got  a peadiatric home surgeon working 24 hours with him .	0
Hope the markets are illuminated during trading hrs & index hits a new high in the near future.	0
There are no poor people suffering .. the people are suffering are them who got crores of crores of rupees in black money..	0
Just condemn won't hit them back Sir... Go for another surgical strike at the middle of Lahore	0
Looks like in masjids and church people are taught to hate Modi	1
"If she says such stupid stuff on public platforms which is widely quoted, i have a problem. (Deep breaths as I am getting back from work at 8.30pm)"	1
"Guys.. how long we bear this nussiance. Are we so weak that we cannot give a befitting reply,,😡😡😡😡"	0
Don't utter any bombastic words before any match. Performance only counts.	1
"He is not lord wrong. How about dhropati sharing  among brothers"	1
"Shamvil Hasan Kazmi There he used centuries. Not century. So centuries means not one. And 140 years isn't even 2 centuries. Your comment is as codswallop as you nimcompoop."	1
Its a great effort by the poor people who need money on daily basis not we who have cards and online access and please next time someone give a chair to this person standing for such a long time for our country	1
Bahuballi is torn between his love of his foster mother and his love	0
Modi is Maxwell of Indian politics just hitting sis six only six	0
"""Truth shall prevail"" so much so that his wife is distancing herself from this."	0
The photographer we hired for a marriage is demanding 60000rs in cash. Where should we complain?	1
But in.pune location wipro bpo use to hire people on 3rd party payrole and in f c road location those employees are treated as hell	1
"I bought edelweiss at 36, should i stay invested or book profit"	0
pv sindhu also got a flat and bmv car she got almost the money as 100 medalist of usa	0
Salute to such father and same time he sets example for pseudo seculars who always find dirty politics in such anti nation act and try to mileage their minority centric politics.	1
Happy birthday to his highness 😁	0
"We Are providing best web development services.  Please visit https://goo.gl/YpDBsP to view our realetstate portfolio"	0
Sure y not but dey should atlesat get a decent placement first.	0
"What's the logic behind this?  You should also stop using Facebook, smartphones made by other countries and use Indian products.  😂😂"	0
Just to be picky on the post.. I see only 11.56Cr. in sindhu's list.😉	0
His father did the right thing but the root cause of hatred is absence of humanity which should be taught at home. Jobless youth who are frustrated with life are the prime target for terror recruiters and something should be done to nip it.	1
"ohh shut up, wealthy people converted their money anyway. 99% black money got converted into white bcz of BJP's stupid ideas."	1
"its only the liquidity thats driving market, valuations are very much stretched"	0
Frailty thy name is woman. Have you haven't heard of that Mr?	1
This is the Jamuna Tehzeeb waiting for Indians.	1
"New Uttar Pradesh Restaurant ( India ) 2017.....  100% Vegetarian.....  Menu - Veg Beef (Buffalo) - Not Available Veg Fish - Available Veg Chicken - Available Veg Mutton - Available Veg Egg - Available Veg Whiskey - Available Veg Tobacco - Available  Free Home Delivery on 4G Mode  Cheers..... Enjoy......"	1
"Secularism is downstream to only one religion in India....if u bash Hinduism then u r secular but if u bash the other religion then u r simply communal !!! part ur ways, intellectuals or rather creep minds on their way out explaining how they r great and we should accept every religion but y do they forget that it goes the both way for everyone.....y come they rant about Hinduism and then no intellectual vl come out and explain to respect that religion too !!! Its all biased in our country..."	1
Shirish kunder who?? Who is he? ..	0
I love my India but if wrong ppl will dominate thn sorry not acceptable	0
his name is Devindra Kumar....but don't worry u should don't change ur mind...might he have changed his name to defame Hindu society... #stereotype mind set.	1
Dats y they r choosing greatest genocider communists?dats y they hv largest prvt army?	1
"First block citizens money in banks, second banks have ample money, step 3 RBI increase CRR, step 4 RBI gives massive loan to govt from the accumulates reserves. so 1 rupee from ur pocket becomes billions for the govt."	0
"Are you sure rahul.whether i am misinterpret or forget.it was around year 2000's when i read a article about him stating he is illiterate but successfully manage to profit indian railways up to 16000crore. This acchievement is the best since 1947.can you tell me what is his degree title is,please?"	0
Yaar though they have launched it but it's so expensively priced that one can buy 3 SUVs of same model in Canada	0
chewing gum channel of all market news-festive mood for the market	0
"This type of Media, divides India. They are as responsible as those Kashmiri Separatists."	1
Binny shud not be in the playing 11 .	1
Now the income tax should be abolished or cut down to half...ppl will start celebrating	0
"Not sure if they can achieve their sales targets..People here are accustomed to Apple, Samsung and It will take time to move customers from the traditional giants. But a great move by LeEeco 👏🏻"	0
It has to be a 'military 'retaliation and not diplomacy. Paskistan does not believe in diplomacy because they don't believe in it. They believe in combat with weapons that were given to them free by their coalition partners viz U S and some middleeast countries. They have no money to buy weapons	1
"Guarav K they are so brainwashed, that they cannot see the truth.."	1
"Lotus is our national flower. I like the lotus very much it doesn't mean I like BJP. What the hell! The people of present India cannot live happily not because they have no reason to be happy, it is because their happiness are eclipsed by some selfish citizens seeking to provide advantages to a party by linking things with party politics. I cannot enjoy 'orange colour' because it is said to be colour of BJP. what are these happening everywhere? Did BJP get copyright on Lotus or Orange colour?"	1
no schemes ...make it straight ...houses are not selling ....you want more loan paying slaves for old news	1
I think someone from CNBC hit 'live' on Facebook app by mistake😂😂	1
"In Bhajans, while singing, Hindus  include Allah, Jisus...in stanzas. Guided by parents in our childhood itself. Now we realize, these Religions never found to have uttered Hindu Gods. who is tolerant?"	1
"Congrat  Mr. patel , the present Governor of Reserve Bank of India....."	0
Better not to join forces now...feeling shame nd trapped	0
"from 1947 congress looted whole welth of india..  from last 3years my sir narendra modi playing a role of p.m.  he is also a human  for that human,  just imagin how much years need to do all those repairs...which got corroupted from 1947.  do demolish 1building we need 1 day..  to construct 1 building we need atleast 6months..  so please try to understand my dear friends..."	0
A person having black money will go to bank or post office and will exhange the notes. Then how does this move going to help curb blackmoney?	1
For Indians killing a Pakistani is equal to killing a chicken no doubt	1
"Even if this is a lie, we must welcome this and call it as a change...and make Pak to adhere to this....we may have centuries more to this partition atrocity committed by so called Secular Leaders who betrayed both the  religions Sushma Swaraj Shankh Naad Narendra Modi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)"	1
"Santosh Varma the video ain't playinggg 🙈🙈 I have seen clips of it tho,"	0
I know his songs (shitt) are downgrading nowadays and he wants to grab peoples attention and now using the these bitter words to create a mess among the people. I hope people have to be strong to avoid this Sonu Nigam's Shiittttt coming out from his mouth. Never divide.👍	1
Where is the proof suckers..stop creating a nuisance ...they would have been eaten by wolves or lions and u media puppets find evrythng as an opportunity to make money ..	1
"Hi! Sonia , pls let me know when can we expect the pharma underperformance to stop . ITS BEEN more than a year now ."	0
IF SO THEY WILL CRITICIZE FOR NOT DOING ANYTHING NEW	0
Come Clean BJP! Did u fight 2014election without black money.	0
"Nothing can replace Enfield, it stood the test of time"	0
Kishore Kumar was the unique singer. I tribute to Kishore da.when ever music is live Kishor da will live in the form of music 🎶.	0
"Worst reporting from media. Whole video aimed at something else, Made into something else"	1
Bajaj cant even do a proper launch webcast... Y shud i evn bother to think abt the stupid bike	1
Everyone wants being backward..every needs reservation then why do you all cry about not being developed??	1
"Remain invested in 30 index stocks until 2025 since market is bull as told by Naik, CEO MD, General Atlantic at World Economic Forum."	0
Mdrse...you have already done it..by saying.. Industry have more popular artists... Go for suicide	0
"I strongly suggest Khan sab go to UN n become a laughing stock  Brainless khan"	1
What about global headwings.... Are its gud enough to keep long	0
Stop barking u endian beggars... This war will continue till the freedom...	1
"Why is the volume so low.... not just today, its always the same. Whereas, the live programmes on other channels have a good audio level. Pls address the issue."	1
Appears on and off only for passing some negetive comments on Kejriwal and some attention..!!	1
He does so much homework before the speech unlike congress people who does only dictation of what is written	1
Big guys always look  for their profits . its like to hell with people.	0
"Save the cows kill the humans! Save the uppercaste and kill the dalith with kerosene,  Kill all the Muslim's take their mughal language to the Thorne! Kill the Christians tag them converts shits and joins hands with Israel!. Call it Hindustan and break the beauty of unity in diversity ! Kill the farmers and make digital food ! Cut the tress and enograte new tourist spot! Fighting to stop terrorism By encouraging communal fights inside the country !!  👌👌👌"	1
"If half of the amount was invested earlier for all the athletes then it surely fetches more no. And golds too... Ny ways good move"	0
"Such an useless live product launch,comments are more entertaining here than the launch of dominar😂😂😂"	1
Please do not create more rohith...stop inciting people in the name of caste...stop asking ur acquaintances their surnames...start scholarly studies in univ...esp jnu n the like...getting paid for studying n doing disservice to nation  while enjoying the privilege is shamelessness...none of ur revolutionary moves do ny good to any underprivileged person...they just create sad stories like vemula	1
Andh bhakht should not mourn know	1
The common man suffers because they refuse change..wasn't they requested to open bank accounts two year's back???..isn't that enough window of opportunity??..well done Modiji	1
"Hindus in UAE n Saudi arabia....they cant complain miss.  U dont know those r islamic nation ..u cant propogate ur religion.     Its not bcoz they r used to it. Its bcoz they just cant ...they will have to leave that country.. Sonu nigam has mentioned that therr is problem only wth azaan...no..every religion which uses so much noise in the name of religion is wrong.."	1
Heh turkey is the 3rd class pathetic country i know.	1
In this jungle raj anyone is able to take law into their hands and loot and murder. What has this to do with the freedom movement. She obviously does not know anything about freedom mevement. The fellows who call themselves nationalists today were coverting with the britishers.	1
Give any Khan 9000 plus screen and see the magic :D	0
Salute to Modiji...Proud step took by Government to curb out black money from country👍	0
"I can understand that this budget is neither inspirational nor growth oriented nor encouraging for all of you - Congressmen! Happy Days are gone for you, right Mr. Sharma?"	1
"Congrass is end of india, that's why they joined SP 😂😂😂😂"	1
"& What about 2002 Gujarat State terrorism ???? Which one is the best example of #Bhagwa terrorism."	1
What should be done with Divis Lab for long term???	0
great news for those who stock holds GVK since  as long.............	0
One of the worst title given by Indian Express and these days this has become habit of Indian express to put their own mind in every topic.	1
"Indian Army trying to divert attention from Kashmir unrest... where they stop internet access,social media bane, violation of human rights , killing of innocent Kashmiries on daily basis....thats why every Kashmiri stands against Indian aggression , but remember the struggle of self determination of Kashmirs people will continue until their freedom.."	1
Idiots voted them. Let them suffer. I will enjoy the show. :)	1
Wa ra ChamchA free download lies of kejriwal 420. Stop fooling yourself AAPtard	1
Do it Ajam Khan... lets see who would be shamed after that.	1
Ashish kr I have talked of cyber crime and not of criminal taking money physically after withdrawing from the bank. Don't negate an idea by foolish example even without understanding an issue.	1
Anna hazare talk more and work less where is Lokpal Bill still we waiting. ....	1
Plz forgive him he is national ist not some one from minority or opposition	1
Showing everything and saying bold...	1
#ENTERTAINMENT: Share your thoughts on #HalfGirlfriend trailer.	0
"No one has hearts like you in the world.you Jio always  In my country.you are the power of India."	0
I'm just surprised that it did not release in 3D format.... This would have made the ballgame all together...	0
This guy is the brand ambassador of MRF (Mentally retarded fellows).	1
Where is award wapsi gang now???	1
Who is he ? 😂	0
NDA rules party 🎉 good governance 😝😝	1
"Look at the timing of this BJP & RSS  sponsored man, #ANNAHAZARDOUS just at the brink of MCD Elections...where is his struggle for LOK PAL.. Why no more fasting drama??.#Arvindkejriwal is most hardworking,dedicated and honest politician of our times...His work speaks for him.."	1
Hazare could try to remember something about Lokpal. He is always trying to go about Kejriwal instead. Of course gaining some leverage with BJP each time	1
I like this woman.  She lives on her own terms. Agree or not is different. Just be who you are and respect others but don't let any one step on you.	0
"GST Bill is very important bill for the growth of Indian economy .such bill must pass earliest , oppositions must support for such bill."	0
BJP 200+. Because people are intoxicated nowadays.	1
I think pakistan is just instigating us to respond so that they can carry out the death sentence of kulbushan jadhav on a tit for tat basis.	0
As Hindu nice girl don't be emotional fool.sister wake up.	1
"Kotak bank gives no option to change prefered phone number online, if you lost your number... It's so hard to change it again. and ur online transaction get affected.. Such a harassment. Also no help from Customer care."	1
Oh really then what is shudra guy will u marry your daughter to a chammar or any low caste hindu bloody hypocrite	1
Mr sah prince I even know india use to known by golden bird during Muslims rule .. now is India known by cowbell	1
"You confused sperm.. What do u exactly want then??? Muslims are living peacefully, what's problem in that?? . . Where's deshbhakti here!!????? Pure confused sperm"	1
Do you think bank nifty upmove is gona continue till this weekly expiry?	0
So where are those so called black money gone??? 🤔🤔🤔	0
A jihadi can never be human being. He is a cruel animals having 2 legs	1
I dont think that any other party has worked so hard for the country as much as modi has done for 3 years now	0
"Impressive. How does india tv get this kind of news?? And the hospital in the picture is a private hospital in karachi. Not an army hospital."	0
Don't u think it's concerted effort to flush weak hands and there will be big flourish coming around dewali	0
"Dear SJ, Please suggest 2-3 great mid cap stocks for next 24 months with great balance sheet and high growth potential. thx."	0
What authority does she have to speak on feminism anyway?	1
The vegetable vendors are crying no buyers the farmers are crying but MODI &CO are a happy lot.	1
"Why is there a separation between church and state if we're a Christian nation?   Why do I have a freedom of religion of this is a Christian nation?   Most of our founding fathers were agnostic if we're going to be technical."	0
"Greatest melancholy is what, More than half of the persons sitting in front of you are admirers of Black money."	1
"Religion based practices should not come out of mosques, temple, church, gurudwara"	1
First he should try to hang the rapists instead....	1
Agree then represent India in a beautiful saree... the she is representing India.hav u ever thot why our Indian actress imitate westerners nd sumtimes don't even fit there	0
This lady is totally ignorant of our great freedom movement and the sacrifice of our leaders. Stupid comments.	1
"Pak didn't mutilate the Soldiers, their weapons did - Great thinker gurmehar Kaur."	1
Thank u sir for giving us jio service we are hartly thankful. Fir ur jio service	0
Thanks Jio network.... It Helped me a lot in getting self trainned in new technology when there was no internet access around me...	0
"#ieWorld | The officials said one of those shot is a minor, and none of the injuries is life-threatening."	0
Does it include precious metals or just pluses and cereals only	0
I have 500 Inox leisure @ 255.. sell or hold	0
He is 9th powerful man in the world dont forget it everyone	1
It's a issue which we as a country aren't taking it serious enough and allowing Laws to be passed that allow hackers even a better chance at identity theft. Which was just passed recently against the better judgement of the FCC.	0
Well safe to say that not many women marry at 21 and have a baby soon thereafter.  And have the income to stay home with them. But good for her though she shouldn't knock down other people like she seems to do in this article.	1
"He is not a politician. He was always a social worker. He is still fighting for his cause, just not getting due attention cause the politicians are busy hogging the limelight."	0
Ajay Bharat Gurjar  indian stop cross boader terrorisim.kalboshen arrest in pakistan the big example of indian terrorist	1
"Only BJP news channel is ABP Neaws channel wala re Not interested in indian people"	0
Who created Pakistan then politicians only the main seeds of communalism.	0
"This is not a war against terrorism, it's a war against its own civilians by taking such spontaneous and vicious steps"	1
You mean prophet Mohammad.. who raped 9 yrs old ayesha.. ~? :p	1
No one prettier then you how is your health hope fine glowing.An blushing like strawberry	0
Nahaz Ali u ppl will cry soon	1
Anna hazare i have a huge respect for u. Ur thinkings and belives are just too great. 🙂	0
Hashanah...CNBC would have helped giving him some money...They seem to be very logical with this post... :-D	1
Dear CNBC-TV18; don't u have a better news or clippings to post. This clipping/news is nothing but junk. I feel like im watchin a 'Big Boss' clipping. Please post some better n informative news n clippings.	1
"Only react - don't act ? Hollow words ! Spineless !! God save our brace soldiers  !! RIP 🙏"	0
Ya  well. On the bright side atleast the senior was supportive and she is able to do what's right and not succumb to the big-headed crowd-pleasing Mla.	1
"Isreal is God's nation, a nation that belongs to the Jews"	0
even tamilnadu has more reservation than prescribed	1
"My grandson Akshit Kumar Paytm Id 9915028477 transfered Rs.2600 to Deepika Kapoor Paytm Id 9872857393,Trx. Id 407385953. But notreached its destination even after12days nor refunded"	0
"Look who is talking :)  Last year, the singer, was caught in a controversy over singing on a Jet Airways flight using the airplane's public announcement system. As a result of his nuisance, the aviation regulator and the airline suspended five cabin crew members ."	1
Thank u Mr Kumar today i felt some one is there is express the feelings  and truth in public place otherwise in last 7 years we have seen person  just  mislead only	0
"Navratri or any other ocaasions appear to be 6 to 10 times a YEAR. I think thats a little lesser than the 5 times a day thing...."	1
Colour  of  the  car 🚓 is awesome .	0
what is ur view on aviation stocks ? Not much of movement in this series	0
What should be done with Divis Lab for long term???	0
"Things to be plan well  in  advance so we middle  class  people dont suffer,by standing in Q  for nothing."	1
"Hi Anuj,can long position be made CCL Products and Govind Rubber?"	0
What should we the good level to enter in dmart	0
fake data to cut rates and loot money..why the fuk home loan rates are not going down..only banks are looting and no action on defaulters..madrchs fku	1
Why these people doesn't respect others beliefs. And why they want rest of the world respect them.	1
Shame on ...more worried to save cows..killing ppl..but not for human	1
Why is messi quiting..... They lost because of the 6 number player(i dont know the name) inthe team of argentina who also missed the penalty	1
Whats ur view on petrochemical companies like panama pet manali and all ?	0
People of Karnataka are highly qualified and educated they have rejected Jumlas & Chosen Development in By-Polls Verdict.they knew well what has to be done..	0
"hello, I want to know about RBL bank please tell me is it okay to hold the stock"	0
I wanna meet the girl who said the iPhone is user friendly!!!	1
"50 heads was possible if your Dad would be a Cow. But unfortunately he was just a Soldier. Bjp Government doesn't get votes for Soldiers... Sorry for your Father Sis.."	0
we all wish  and pray for it.	0
Shares prices of Tata sons is going to be  increased	0
Dominar is like john cena.. you can't see him.. xo	1
No one will even allow him to enter UN building.	1
That politics has destroyed the valley.... moreover people r also responsible.....force r just a puppet of political system in any contry	1
.better bjp marry all cows...!!!	1
Omg!!! My tits r as fabulous as I am.. trust me if yours were the same then you wouldn't be asking to calm them.. 😜😜😜	0
seriously man.. these guys report like their newspaper belong to some other country.	1
Good she escaped India and this madness!	1
Services of this should be extended to other major cities too...the success of this would change the face of Indian railway...!	0
How a BJP sympathiser will join AAP?	1
Manisha Gupta You can do it better than Gem and Jewellery Sectors with Media Power. UID will serve more than one purposes. Direct purpose being perfect purity for buyers. Indirect being curbing black transaction in Jewellery Sectors. Stock can be verified with UID stock marked minus  sells and Balance in stock. Please please work for it.	0
Prime sevak of Gandhi family spoke for Gandhi family again	1
And microsoft sales expected to be double in few weeks	0
"Latha Venkateshan was in some cases of lobbying and passing on insider information, right?"	1
Are you seeing her age ? If my grandmom was to go to the bank I'm hoping and praying that people would have it in them to let her go ahead.	0
How stupid comment is that. What does she want to express ? Working women treat their kids as puppy. She got married only after completing education so how much she knows about balancing work with family ?? Without knowing things this kind of comment is totally unacceptable.	1
Sure go to hell dirty politics cheap publicity you need	1
ALL IN THE GAME. CLOSE UR EYES N EARS TO THIS CRYING BABY.	1
When is work on NH-8 getting completed? Particluarly Hero Honda Chowk??	0
Indianexpress seems to be Anti National and a Pakistani Newspaper	1
Her designer must have some serious convincing skills to make her wear something so outlandish😀😀😀😀	0
We proud of u. But more then it we need u again	0
Pakistan PM's daughter Maryam Nawaz Sharif and Son in law Safdar have also been named in the papers.	0
as a foreign  afriars minister please solve the problem of  indian fishermen shot in tn	0
First ask ur brothers to stop all anti social activities..	0
"Our country depends on three types of people namely corrupt politicians, film actor & crimnals. Then who can care about it"	1
Where is that illegitimate kid of john dayal Mizz Gurmeher who till date don't know whether her father died in Kargil or in encounter with terrorist to meet these people and convince???	1
"For these people, cow life is more important  than  human life......."	1
lot of analysts and institutions like Lupin as their choice in top 3.. but the stock is stuck forever in 1400 range... and now in 1300.. ur view pls	0
"*PURE DESH ME AFRA TAFRI KA MAHOOL HAI...INDIA KI 98% JANTA GARIB HAI..YE MAAR ASLI 98% PE MARI HAI MODI JI NE..YE ACHA NHI KIYA BJP NE PURA VYAPARI VARG ROO RAHA HAI KHUN KE AANSU BJP WE SHAME ON YOU*  *B.J.P..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌ *MODI..*❌❌❌❌❌❌❌  *WE REALY SHAME ON YOU MODI JI..*"	0
A great man of no use for self or other.	1
they have done great for making our country proud but if so much people and companies can give so much money to them then why they cant give to the poor people of our country who just die of hunger.....so much poor people are there in our country so why dont this people and company also donate to them...	0
"http://postcard.news/must-read-world-economic-forum-releases-survey-indian-media-results-shameful/ Indian media spoiling faith of people,as we know Indian media qualitatively failed...."	0
"Being in USA, I am really happy to see that Delhi people have voted for bright future!!! Looking forward for good changes in Delhi 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻"	0
"India was divided on the basis of religion but Nehru made her Secular for his benefits.  He is at the root of most of the problems that this country is facing now.  Secularism is nothing but a very effective tool for appeasement of minorities for the sake of electoral politics."	1
Anuj I think trump event has already made the bottom and we may see tomorrow recovery in mkt	0
Natarajan sir do u know the condition in kashmir now a days??	0
Why share if agree ? Looks like a propaganda article.	1
delivery quote -in the maternity ward ....hello gabby we are tsunami swimmers ....go back simon	0
He is doing good but he should have silenced opposition by facing them in parliament.	1
"See who is commenting,  Sauw choohe kha ke Billi Haj ko nikli, mohd bhai, zera apne geeraban mai jhaank ke deku, the same budhi you are mentioning has been lost by radical muslims in panun kashmir"	1
Lol Baljit Singh I did not get if that's true or sarcasm.	0
You are lucky that you are in India disrespecting our pm and still safe	0
I am cutting a pig right now. ..wanna taste it  ??	1
make it simple cnbc ....protecting the banks from pick pocketing ...	0
We make  issue and do ninda. We do not take any strong stand against it. Why we have deal with many countries when we can not use our arms  for this situation. Are we waiting for them to come and do the same to civilian.	0
Can we know whom you want to be PM? Owaisi? @mohammad sufiyan	1
"If cows are stolen then what should NDTV expect that people should bow such  raskels?Mean minded TV channel always say that they are cow rakshak when all villagers take part tv channel still want to blame.NDTV is one fashion working blame hindus as Modi is hindu"	0
Killing them for fun is cruel but killing them for food is normal.. There's no hypocrisy. It's just logic...	1
"Ull see soon..  N be ready to appologise ..when u get proved wrong....  Be sincere to apologise when u r proved wrong in nxt 8 month"	1
They have been planning to divide India in to ten parts for. Last hundred years. However succeeded in dividing in 3 parts.	1
Did anyone in your family work on a major position in I&B  for 40 years with newspapers ? They did in mine in 2 places and we know !	0
The puppy statement shows how little she understands being a motherhood.... being home maker is nothing wrong...But she cannot disrespect working moms like this...For once try balance home and work ... Then she wud understand	1
"old news -any way why don't c-17 directly land in beijing , why hitting around the bush , luck favors the brave"	1
Who they r saying negative about midi and not supporting him they will suffer in future...great job modiji	1
Only difference is salary addiction is out of necessity whereas other two may not be... But agree all three r dangerous addictions to the life.	0
Do u any inflection point comming in the field of cyber security?	0
"Finally that day have arrived when humans need machines to purify air to breathe in ..  And not trees.."	1
Pinarayi Vijayan is the only leader who dared to speak against Muslim clerics & Christian Church & Hindu castes while all the leaders were quiet.	0
"Pak highly truthful nation, didn't accept Kassb was its National,didn't even take back dead bodies of its Kargil dead to disprove its complicity"	1
How high broadband internet speed is? India still behind many countries.	0
Jio is standing to watch ur mokka song why they are shouting	1
We never said around 90christian countries their dictatorships killed almost 8bn people	1
In the face bhakts who call muslims as terrorists. This is called patriotism. You people should learn from this father.	1
"It is Shocking it happened in Kerala ,The Most Educated State in India."	1
Why dont you tell ur husband to do the same??afterall misha is not a puppy!! :D	1
"India producing engineer , tea , iitian but mighty pakistan producing terrorist"	1
Yeah.. rather interview Karina Kapoor. Working mom in the industry :. Or someone else ..	1
Hypocrisy is not only owaissi's stuff. Bjp's also	1
U take up queries of ur friends n relatives only...	0
No law.and order only army court give judgement .Support by GRP of terrorists	1
What would happen to FTIL investors? Has he been prove guilty?	0
"These calculations are waste of time, the ultimate winner will be AAP with a thumping majority."	1
The BJP govt has gone mad and trying to bring rules without proper infrastructure. Improvement of the quality of generics is more important decision of the hour.	1
Who r u ? U. R no way in lime light....If indias fate service through fews from last 60 years...why not with RSS ideology....lets test them too.	0
Totaly cheap publicity because hee is frusted lack of work	1
wrong.communists are intolerent and againest humanity.	0
Nor the one shooting the video offered help .... This show how pathetic we are as human	1
##Imran it is 4 U....And sickular mind people....	0
How come all the script that's mention on cnbc 20/20 never makes it tht	0
When Demonitisation takes place it means economic conditions are poor	1
After this the story will be same till next election people will suffer for voting.	1
O we are thinking BJP is targeting you because you are Dalit.	0
tech mahindra down nd other it stock up like tcs infy wipro..	0
Very soon BJP will lose all the elections. India will be peaceful again.	1
is it real or tit for tat business by tmc? real truth may surface after few days. no statement has yet come from the arrested person	1
Agree. GST must be kept simple unlike current scenario of too much complications	0
"tender exact change for better understanding ..aerial cam holding breadth ,holding rates-grand pa of  placards"	0
"Sambit Patra...Is so pathetic.... Please come to the problem.....Stop giving accounts..... What is the action plan...He is so Shameless, that he just cannot Answer.....BJP...Can only be a good Opposition... They don't​know how to run the Nation."	1
BJP n RSS r trying to invade privacy of Indian's not NDTV get ur data right	1
"In the land of Sparta... when babies were born... the elders would inspect them for defects."	0
Better then  loosing.Good  for  nothing  party	0
Can u plz suggest for Andhra Bank and Mahindra Life Space developers..I can hold long	0
He is a accused not a criminal. He is still very much innocent like we all.	1
what is the view on suzlon energy in view of the purchase by canadian solar	0
"They were not rigid in religion, but things are changing now."	1
Wat nonsense is this cnbc....? How can u claim like this dear..???	0
This mam seems to high on cheap brands smoking pots .......he even abuse pious man like anna .	1
Amyra Mehera did you get that name from Google search?	0
The biggest broker in current India.	1
No action on shyam benegal report..shows a lot about 'Governance'..!	1
Carry on series... stupidly funny comments on how life should be. By the collective of stupidly serious people.	1
My friend 1400 crore has been spend in 2014 election by BJP. Which is most expensive election campaign ever in India. 42% of the total money had spend on media for fake or brain washing publicity.	1
Good if crude prices remain in control and the Government does not tax crude heavily out of greed.	0
Mens blame .daily soaps for women s .mental violence against men	0
"Millions of simple , spiritual ,religious & moral persons besides students have been disturbed by your songs but seldom they complained"	1
In these 40 days modi ji made a bull pregnant and jashodaben was stunned by his achievements in biology	1
"Muslims needs to join hands with Hindus to build the temple, which was destroyed by a foreigner Babur (Mongol dynasty)"	1
Watching unprecedented love for Amma I can't believe on my eyes.	0
"Azam Khan is nothing but a faithful dog of Akhliesh, why Azam did not raise this question when Khargea made a remark on dog, that time you were sleeping you idiot Azam Khan"	1
But was wrong to support TMC	0
We need to erase Pakistan from the global map geographicaly	1
"Very scattered career...not central to finances. He seems more lika a ""Jack a of all trades"", whereas we require a specialist right now. His only influential accomplishment is Executive Director of IMF, rest is all garbage."	0
"This is very stupid of her to give such statement. Not everybody has a choice to relax on her spouses's money. And for her kind information, even puppies are looked after very well. You cant place your choice as 'supreme' over others. what is her achievement in life- an actor's WIFE!"	1
"�   ♥PYTHON♥BOT♥TEAM♥  ♪----» TAYYAB.GA «----♪  ♥♡o. BOT OWNER 💢 TAYYAB KHAN 💢"	0
Can we focus on other vital issues? Or is cow protection going to lead to 'VIKAS'	1
"Would you ever confess, more than 95% people loose money trading and you are adding to loosers ?"	0
from the healthy to the patient??  I mean patient of which disease???	0
Love Kangana and she is absolutely rihht....	0
"Yes... Wolves are scared of the Tiger. Good work Modi.  When people are jealous of you. That means you are progressing."	0
Ha ha lies again ...	1
"Expectations have grown for yesbank also, since indusind posted stellar performance"	0
in 1971 the demonetization  move is just like blocking the water tank but now it's like opening the damage don't  compare....	1
High court is stupid or what.... yogi never asked the licensed meat shops to shut down.... After all its UP high court.... what can we expect from them ??	1
Where do u people and Pakistanis go for toilet? Hope u don't need them	1
Achieved new fleet against all odds. Hearty respect to this brave  girl.	0
Ha ha ha ha ha power thirsty Man defeated by his opponent	1
"Asrar Ul Haq Asrar we r idol worshippers... That's y we pray at temple..  Our philosophy is sakar philosophy And we never support loud speaker on Mandirs.. I visit temple every Sunday.. it has no loudspeakers..."	1
"Hate crime is rising in America. It was just a gift from Trump government to Indians who were celebrating birthday of that hatemonger.  My sympathy to the deseased family, though no one else can understand your pain."	1
Happy birthday. What a acting in Jolly LLB 2.	0
make the weights and barbels in india ... indian lifts it ...come on easy come on easy ..one more set ...now repeat the set	1
"JSW the same group considered to have taken NAMO to Pakistan on Nawazs' birthday..!!? Has it come out of iron-ore and coalgate SCAMS.? Wt is latest on CBI investigation ??"	1
BJP SHOULD GIVE TICKET TO KIRAN BEDI AGAINST ARVIND KEJRIWAL.	0
In India all the brutality by police forces is on a genuine protesters only... Only difference is that media and political leaders camouflage as something wrong by the protesters.	1
every thing is right but as an entrepreneur business hve slash dwn sevourly and Rent of the shop are as past. ie incumg flow has decline rapidly and outgoing flow r still increasing. its become vey difficult for a lay man to survive	1
BJP has started election propaganda	0
"hey why ur TV anchor Latha is so perturbed, This win of trump is very good for india"	1
If terrorists  enter what Indian army  did? They was sleeping.	1
Good riddance !  This man was most garrulous and useless. Hope some sensible person fights election in his place.	1
"Absolutely true, Many ppl Wil understand his words very late Wat he means"	1
Hoping President of the great country	0
more than his tweet ..News channels are creating more controversies and fights..	1
Stringent action must be initiated against bank employees who have been found guilty	1
"Buy gold/gold mining stocks that's the only way to financially benefit from this event. I have already put in my order 🙏🏼  Gold will rally to $1500 -$1700 on back of Trump election"	0
That's a biggest joke they should have gone with someone better and sensible person.....	0
But whats wrong in giving suggestions; He has opened the websits bharat ke veer; and if he some nice positive suggestion whats wrong in that; And I dont think that he goes around saying that he he is a great deshbhakt or something?	1
Sir everything is fine but please we can't manage more ... We are suffering because of cash.	1
I don't know whether to laugh or to cry because in India educated people use to work under uneducated leaders	1
When tv18 show number one in its result and mkt price	0
is that the reason behind seat cut?	1
Bashing any religion does not make anyone secular but respecting religion does !	1
Fake ....its nothing like this......no one is killed even 3 indian posts were destroyed .........my bro is on LOC ....he is brave and always busy in killing bloody indians .......	1
"Mohd Ayub Gazi teach these 2 lines to your madrasa boys, who pick up guns to wage jihad against India. Teach these lines to kashmiris who stand in que for free Indian rice & relief cheques. Vinash is infront of kashmiris. Just enjoy it"	1
Hi Reema. Good to see you after long..maybe first time on fb live.	0
"Why use cops to fight a guerella insurgency in the jungle when real paramilitary troops can be created and be given a clear mandate?  CRPF is fighting with one arm tied,one eye closed and wrung with beuracratic hurdles that hinder equal benefits and logistical support.  You can't fight naxals with policeman. You need real paramilitary units."	1
Number of people purchased ShaRE  of Octant Interactive Technologies ltd......80%  transferd to Five X Finance  please intimate detail of both the comens	0
Good administration skills to do any thing in any economical conditions also	0
It's ok we lost just 1 test match. We India will bounce back and win the series.	0
"Is this the real life, or is this fantasy. Bajaj is bevarsi"	1
I believe that's a special Tie worn during all big announcements by Mukesh Ambani	0
Cowards attack and jately only speech. Come on let action talk	1
"Are you living in India to know the problems, There is absolutely no problem from day 3 here in Udupi Which is a small town. By the way common man does not spend Rs24000/ a week unlike rich NRI like you when you are on vacation....."	1
well said my boy .....gokhale ( political guru of gandhi)	0
It's incorrect to think that after removing red light from VIP& VVIP's vehicles the Culture of VIP mindset vanished. Please follow UP's daily reports.	1
What about market is will go up or not plz tell	0
"Mr . Azam Khan,  when Modiji refers to Dogs, he means the political Dogs . Otherwise Dogs are considered the most honest animal on earth. And lot of political Dogs they understand what Modiji means."	1
Thats good but  limit of withdrawal amount should be more than 10k atlist	0
We are supporting govt. let's see want is output waiting	1
Dirty politics plays by Pakistan	1
hi Shereen Bhan ji you should be taking interview of Mrs Hillary Clinton	1
Then marketing still has the mojo that means! #ChooseMarketingOverFinance :P	1
"How r u Pakistani.., cowards. U r nothing in front of Hind n Hindi ki sena. This act shows how sacred u rascals are. U even get scared of the dead body of Hind Jawan.  Now hahaha"	1
In 1994 she was a princess.In between 1994 to  2017 she transformed  into a queen but without a  permanent  king.	0
Some Ladies are elegant till they are quite. Most mums go to work as they have no choice.	1
"Rule is to write the generic name of the drug, not the generic drug: IMA President"	0
"Kangana is a victim of the mother who gave her birth. She is the victim of woman that she is. She is the victim of life she has. She is the victim of everything n everybody. Lastly, she will be the victim of her death."	1
"⁠⁠⁠For earn money with ur android phone...Download chamcash app from play store and Register it. You can earn money upto 25000/month. So,After register enter the 5488155 as your sponser id, you are done....Best Of Luck.."	0
What abt the other who have prblm what they will do before taking decision must give notice before a week such an foolish decision by modi	1
True Mr.Anuj right an we retail investor haven't made money honestly	0
"Wht BJP has to say on the behaviour of this goon MLA?  Why is BJP silent on this? This shows BJPs double standard n hypocrisy. It is no different fm SP,BSP, RJD politicians.This party too has many criminals n antisocial elements.But BJP wants to hide its sins under the carpet n busy in blaming others. Who has authorised this BJP goon to misbehave with lady IPS officer while performing her duty. Does BJP has the courage to suspend n expel this MLA fm party n case filed agnst him as oer law."	1
"Dear all please note ,beside terrorist pakistan is  number one of producing Donkey, demand  of pakistan donkey are huge in those country who support pakistan ."	1
"Mr Gaskin Jews are not murders and they have had that land since the Old Testament,Exodus is a clear fact and you sir are anti Semitic and wrong,"	1
Market going down after touching high is certainly bad news	0
"I m not with  u , im against u"	1
Same man gave u 15 years of power when he tries to send u home u start to bark as after this age too people don't loose freed for power.	0
Bank nifty ended in red.. But 19200 put was down by 30 percent. Why is it so?	0
"CNBC-TV18, can we get the list of the ATMs which are recalibrated as of now??????"	0
"Take a lesson from Ms. Shiela Dikshit,former Delhi CM.[warangal]"	1
r u guys from dis university? Gaurav Seth PJ Anshu Mishra Shubham Singh	0
For last 60 years what has people done in LS ....only speaking and nothing else	1
Terrorist Country...and its Coward Army ..lead by a biggest Liar Army Chief ...	1
Great movie benchmark for Indian cinemas... keep it up rajamouli sir..	0
"that's bhajan not disturbing you coz it's in India..but it would be harmful for you if you living in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Iran,Arab etc country !! So stop your secular behavior !! He didn't tell to stop Azan or Arti but he just said that you don't do it in mike with high sound in morning !!    But so many sickular's turning it into communal comment !!"	1
Gen.RAWAT blamed that Pakistani crossed the border and RAPE not only my wife but also Rape my daughter and then safely went to Pakistan. .....	1
The bike will have this sound only when it is started..lol	1
If you have no hatred than why are you always mentioning the religion in your comment #subhrangshu	1
"How else can a doting house held lazy mother justify her life to herself!!!! Well!!! Ms. Rajput... It's probably the most u are capable of....  We the kids of entrepreneur woman are actually puppies we learn to be independent very soon and that's what a good parenting calls for...."	1
Looking for great pair of sunglasses?	0
"Rajveer ji, but majority has already endorsed the views of Girish ji."	0
Hi guys.. is it good time to invest in Money Market fubds as the banking deficit looks pretty good??	1
"Tina Basetia  You seemed to be a bhakt i believe , come on yr what does name do.. and the most criminal name of the era is Modi"	1
All the Best ........ You have made the country proved .....	0
muhmmad marrying 6 year old ayesha and his son's wife is not immoral ?	1
"To understand what Modiji is executing what he says, we people need knowledge.. With half understanding or no economic knowledge people criticise just to oppose him without reason or baseless hatred.."	0
"Why does he deserve my respect? What has he done to earn it? Nothing. My respect is not cheap to be given freely. It is given only to deserving people.  Don't cheapen respect by giving it freely."	1
As u r blaming few as hindus. Similarly the anti national dids of some r termed as muslims. Both needs rectifications	1
"Good Job, these morons need to be taught a lesson."	1
"Nothing will happen.. it will stabilize, take a chill pill and ride it out"	0
"In which stock to invest today, for getting return as in eicher  motors from prices of 2007 to 2017"	0
"madam melinda you are doing so many social works in india ...do you think madam melinda in india do you get accountability of your money or they are wasting it...why don't you concentrate on your project personally -india, so that money not get wasted by unknown people ......other wise it will become pepsi-mirinda carbonated drink-orange flavour drank by unknown people"	0
CNBC tv18 pro modi...all the times he is trying to show as huge loss on account of demonitisation...but every time it is hitting back	0
"jayant sinha : how to control people  are against us , finance minister - we have a defense we say rural distress , there by we can make our opposition to get freezed ha ha ....refresher"	0
"JNU deserves it at present because students prefer to fail in this university for years together to have free meals , free accommodation , free sex & politics to get themselves aware in public by Third-rate Medias."	1
Karma you were speaking to a hoarder not a farmer	0
Soon a day will come when pillion seat will just be on the top of rider.	1
"Lol stop commenting here  And go get some change for tomorrow idiots"	1
I have been shouting from rooftops the markets will fall	0
Proof reading guy must of asked for bribe and they refused. #fucktheworld 😂	1
No game plan on root level to make a healthy system. It's hard to understand how these guys can do whatever being told.	1
"nope it has to pass through centre, they won't allow it"	1
What is your take on reliance group..the price of these stock are far lower in 28k mkt ..then they were in 21k mkt 9yrs ago..your view please	0
2 mins silence for dose who r in front of them	1
It should be decided after 2014 general election than only the fair position will come out.	0
"Lol, about 55% of Kerala's population are Hindus, and most don't have a problem with it. What makes it YOUR moral right to speak for them? 55% of the population wrong? Or you don't get maths and logic? Go on, blah blah blah...beef...aiyyo!"	1
"Every muslim is doing jihad against other muslims , that's why ppl die like pigs in ur country"	1
"It's Indian muslims who support ISIS. Just like everywhere on the earth, terrorists are muslims. india is suffering from these pests since independence."	1
"So what. Indira Gandhi accused of killing innocent during emergency Rajiv Gandhi accused of killing thousand Sikh But they r #BharatRatna 😂😂😂"	1
"Day By Day, Air Pollution Is Increasing ...Some Positive Steps should be taken for the improvement regarding this."	0
Should I sell RBL n dmart I have both of ipo	0
Congrats Dipa ! We feel very proud  of you .	0
Lets have mallya in bikini and have a photoshoot calendar ...	0
Are you reminding Indira Gandhi rule when Cong gave slogan India is Indira.	1
Shame...i heard news of launching ambulance service for cows... is their any kinda law and order in this country left... administration sucks	1
These guys should be fired when there Analysis fails twice or thrice	0
"Thank you for answering my query , Actually yesterday I lost more than 35k in just 5 min  so I asked the question to hold back shares or to sell hodlings ."	0
The decline in digital transactions in two successive months goes against the government’s stated objective of scrapping high-value currencies — that of moving towards a “less cash” economy.	0
@chinmay hebbar...  check bheemsena wikipedia..	1
May be true....BJP needs such morons in their party	1
Is it really a fight against Blackmoney? If it is then why exemption for political parties which are the big offenders.How much has been recovered from Swiss and other F.Banks? What action is being taken against those named in Panama papers?will trust you if a few of the offenders are punished.Will your party contest elections without accepting funds from Blackmoney holders ?	1
"RE  Is overpriced for what it gives, no features.  This bike beats it by engine and price and features also 😂"	0
Don't listen who ever against you pm because they all corrupted hiding their money .... you doing best  people don't realise now they will know in coming future time how important helpful for public...good luck.	1
Babu gaaru..this is time to take care of rural areas...	0
Bajaj cannot give competition to royal enfield.... royal is always royal...	0
Only intelligent people can understand what our PM has done hats of to you modiji	1
Where is Anna ji....hibernating or cursing arvind kejriwal	1
Now Randia will seek What is the Real Surgical Strike	0
He is a bloody bastered  who always  speak  against hidndus  I think  he needs  a D N A test I presume  he is son of a Muslim who always spits poison  a case of anti national activities be registered against him keeping his past record	1
Latha Venkatesh is really annoying. Why she is so interested in Previous policies of RBI (R3). R3 is over.......move on.....stop playing politics.	0
Don't insult lions by using them for shs they were lions when Balasaheb was alive. And Polls in different Mc are also going on and bjp is having clear majority in all those places	1
I dont believe him. Waiting for 50 days to b over to prove his sincerity to nation.	1
"a big lie and sign of coward act by indian government insulting their own soldiers saying that their bodies mutilated, while that is never done in history of indu-pak fights"	1
"This shows he doesn't have much projects on his hands. At least something is required to be in a limelight even if one has to use cheap tactics..!!!"	1
Now u know where the drought relief money is going.	1
This old venomous fellow is promoting terrorism(BJP) in India 😡	1
"Shut that speaker soon i might find a relative around but i won't visit if temple interrupts my sleep, plz"	1
"Yes, once it comes down! Touch n type back in town"	0
"Then why you build temple ! You also can prayer at home ! ... Why you play bhajan in loudspeaker daily ! I also can say that it is disturbing me , simple !"	1
I lived in a area where there were 2 Mandirs and 1 Masjid I never got disturbed in Ganesh chaturti even if the loud speakers started at 6 am in morning and went on till the night. I still remember when the Azan used to start all the loud speakers used to be turned off by their respective people. It never occurred to me that they were doing wrong because I believed it was important to them and I respected that... Have respect for everyone's faith Mr Sonu Nigam and you wouldn't get disturbed.	1
Worse thought process Of Indian express! One should try to understand the motive of this video and it's awesome!	1
"Acutally which scam got proved in court i never understood, all ppl still comment on media trials"	1
U people r the most heinous creature on earth so I don't need a certificate from n ur kind of PIGs r destroying our Nation on regular intervals OK ...u name itself is self explanatory that go Pakistan adopt ur trade there..	1
"Zee News ki yeh News aise hi, Punjab main Congress ko state de Dena..  just for change showing news to gain faith..   Only talk on Badla.. 😎 Get more TRP. Zee News please let citizen knows how many CRPF die every year and what's the reason?"	0
Pakistan is damaging hindu temples and in India every day new mosque are coming up. So now what we should do.  In Pakistan Hindus are minority class and in India government is giving reservations in Education and employment.  So should we continue in in giving reservations for Muslims or should stop. If we go on giving importance to Muslims the same people will put us in trouble.	1
JAI YOGI NO. 1 CM IN INDIA  I THINK FUTURE CM ALSO........	0
"Secularism means a democratic government run by majority numbers and minority power, as in our country.RSS is therefore running for majority and left/cong are running for minority power.Criticisimg each other is of no use."	0
"Education has become business as it is owned by political clan . It is duty of government to provide education.  If teachers are less or non performers then why you failed to show them the door  It amounts to dereliction of duty of the bosses too   So talk on ground realities & not on philosophy  Col lamba"	0
"Feel happy about what killing of Gandhiji, then you also like violence over non violence."	1
"#EXCLUSIVE #REPLUG  “We understand that all Kashmiris are not involved in the so-called militancy. There are few, select in number, who indulge in terror and violence."" - Indian Army Chief"	0
"You can be sure that the gunman was a white American (christian and not a muslim), otherwise the headline would read ""muslim"" and not ""Beer-drinking"" as the first word.  There would be more calls for Trump's  ""muslim ban"", which the world's laughing stock has failed to implement - but will the great Orange One now call for a ""Beer-drinking ban""?"	1
When u operate from Delhi and don't take  local grassroot leaders with u....u are bound to get humiliated just like in bihar and Delhi........	1
It was extremely volatile to get into at any point on either side. But shall we still wait for bottom? And when should that be?	0
Come on Bajaj... There's a bike to be launched. Cut the trash.	1
Appeasement policy by Congress govt is made people easy earning in the name of problem.so revoke Nehru s article 370 promote hard work in the place of appeasement	1
"Rafi Ahmed, trust you are aware that Islam doesn't respect other religion's and existence of other gods. Muslims are not secular. This is a major reason for the jihadi violence and the untold mysery the world is suffering today."	1
Yeah bro! This issue is already in the news since last week. Senseless governments! The money that they are simply giving away should infact be used to create more Sindhus and Maliks !	0
Lolest reveal... I thought a big bike will come.. looks like a rat.. no comparison with Enfield	1
news falls in the category of special effects -oscar nominated news	1
"""Zombies"" started to ""eat"" each other , okay finish it soon!!!!"	1
"He could have made his point without mentioning a particular religion. His comment has merit but the way he expressed is too immature. I've lived nearby various religious places like Mandir, Gurudwara and Masjid. All religion pretty much do the same, Hindus do bhajans on ""LOUDSPEAKER"", Muslim do azaan on ""LOUDSPEAKER"" , Sikh do ardaas on ""LOUDSPEAKER"". It is the noise created by those LOUDSPEAKERS that causes the annoyance."	1
"So its alright to lynch people for ""alleged"" stealing of cows whether Hindu or Muslim? What's wrong with you?"	0
"Hi Nigel, Please have an opinion from Gaurang Sir regarding BEL, as a small investor I had applied in BEL OFS but didn't got allotment. Could I buy BEL from Secondary market with a view of medium to long term."	0
"He still imposed a worthless corrupt party on us. Thankfully I dint trust him during 2014 elections. And I will never trust him in my life. He was quietly sitting till now, and as he realized that it's time to prepare for 2019 elections he started coming to light. I think he would have got another worthless party paying him under table to campaign for them."	1
Muslim - a single word that can shock and terrorise whole the world	1
I feel sad for those who are sitting and waiting there😂	0
"Friends, if a Kashmiri Muslim does indeed have no issues with Kashmiri Pandits, then let us pray that we have lakhs more of such Kashmiri Muslims. As far as the loudspeaker usage is concerned let the same law apply to everybody."	1
"Waqas Ahmed what u did to mashal khan , can i eat pork in pakistan plzz tell"	1
What's the view on Sunpharma and Auropharma? Can we see some big upside in April?	0
"I am not sure about if u Muslims are living peaceful with non-muslims, but just wanted to grab those all pandits who are exiled from Kashmir. What would you say about that??"	1
Mr. PM your speech was all about digitization and none on demonetization. Dont you think you should address a press conference or parliament in which case you will be questioned. And you clearly dont have the courage to do that.	1
"simply say he 'spoke' , that itself is a news... why bothering with unwanted details.."	1
U also HV dashed our hopes	1
Where is this market going?our prime minister  has demnonitised the currency and all of us..we are helplessly watching our hard-earned money going down the drain just because of him	0
Only if similar amounts come in like dis for preparation towards 2020..  The story could be way different! Even the appreciation for our athletes stinks of politics!	0
"i am not from m.p Aftr that i am happy , that they going investment in m.p"	0
What is the bottom level of nifty end of the yera	0
"Marks philosophy has new significance ?? RUBBISH. 34 Countries tried for nearly 70 years and proved to be stupid. Now 29 Countries got freed from Communism. Only 5 Countries are remaining. In India West Bengal after 34 year Communist rule proved to be a failure."	1
Yaaa weed helps people in art and craft😂😂😂😂	1
What will be the economy condition after 6 month of india	0
Will tvs motor BMW tie up turn the tables for tvs motor	0
All dramatics introspection is of no avail now???	0
"Not 'now', but if, and only after, things happen as planned and there is a system to continually monitor and correct or improve what's intended for."	0
Why no rakshas for women?	1
"It's not easy to cut their heads if u are more interested in that do surgical strike again but plxxx do it with proof so dt ur film directors can make a movie on dt .............  Ur jawans r Patanjeli projects Hahahahahah"	1
"Maybe Trump's executive order isn't quite as ""Islamophobic"" as the liberal media would have you believe? https://www.whyps.com/about-us"	1
"what are you saying  bro Muhammad.. I really don't understand"	1
"#BJP leaders won't respect other leaders...if they say abt them ,they vl bark saying #Anti-nationalist..."	1
We are developing energy but ur giving to corporate companys not Indian formers more...	0
Now paki stray dog barks after failing in kangaroo court....happy to see paki left red faced.....wishing Kulbushan to be safe at pigs hands	1
"Many doubting Yogi-Adityanath ! Why?  Why darpok-HINDUs are so scared of our own man? Why ru so self-loathing? Self-doubting. They are thoroughly brainwashed by presstitute-media !  Even Kujliwal, even ModiJi was a first timers... Why it's a responsibility of BJP to address liberals expectations?  Who will rescue HINDUs in UP? Look at this Shocking incident!  https://m.facebook.com/ShankhNaad/photos/a.118146701658320.18858.107229389416718/928709467268702/?type=3"	1
Tell me why the Institution that prints American currency and dictates interest rates not even a part of the American government? Why does this privately owned bank get to decide how valuable our currency will be America?	1
"Amit Mitra please stop  shut yr mouth, and pour money in the state for development . I do not support any politics"	1
why not shoot at sight order for cow terrorists?	1
presence of prestitutes like u in india is odious and ominous.	1
"Mira.. Please don't even think of bringing a dog 🐶home ever, as spending one hour a day with him would be inhumane and disgusting.  Also a pup 🐶needs almost the same amount of attention as a human child. Says who? Says a proud owner and irrevocable lover of dogs."	1
They r tryin to say.. run while u still can	1
Have you watched Baahubali 2 yet?	0
We were happy you joined the BJP.	0
"O:)  ρσωєяєđ ву Noor Azam Mehsood 🎀 [🔰] !! HAZARA -BOT- TEAM !! [🔰]  Owner (^^^) Noman Shafiq (^^^) Noɱɩ Bʌcʜʌ Oŋ Fɩʀɘ (^^^)"	0
You need a Heart of Gold to pledge 75% of total earnings.. Kudos to AMN!	0
His words have shown that he was mistakenly taken birth in India. He must have born in an African jungle.	1
Wouldn't surprise me one bit if he ransacked his own home both for political mileage as well as insurance money.	1
"Part time online job without investment  Most important job for Facebook expert  Earn 15000-25000/-month  Open play store  Install champcash mony free app Sign up with champcash  Refer id-12935304 Install 7-8 apps in the champcash and start online work"	0
There are three clear cut tasks ahead for  BJP Delhi	0
Also Maruti... It saw good correction and today it has gone up smartly.. So do you see now in its way to make another new high	0
Antonio Conte's Chelsea side face Crystal Palace sitting ten points clear with ten games remaining	0
Where is the MLAS. Who will elect him. Knowing that he can't get elected he is playing drama	1
Any thing to grab bigger fishes....  Y everything for poor and middle class.... Modi G	1
"This is not place for your hateful anti-hindu opinions , spell and write truth with facts or shutdown shop. We had enough of the bullcrap from media and what they are trying to pull since 2014."	1
"Now it should be communist mukt Bharat This bloody communist have always used the poor of Kerala and ruled the state Now ppl please open your eyes this bloody communist are of no good My family also always supported the communist But the truth is they have always used poor people for their own purpose"	1
Riya biswas...u r talking about smthng which has no proof...dnt know who ws awarded	1
Originally it was manufactured at okha Gujarat. Birla group started to manufacture Ambassador at okha in 1942 till 1948 and then after shifted to calcutt.	0
"Yogi Adityanath, BJP could have opted someone else. Its UP not VHP. The way this man has given aggressive statements, it makes him only suitable for VHP & Bajarang Dal and not for CM post that too of UP. BJP has made an arrogant move. I am a supporter of BJP but not for this move."	1
"Now u r going to portrait him a an innocent Father of a terrorist (suspected isis operative, in ur language)... go ahead.."	1
Ur sttmnt is saying. If nt thn u r awesome.	0
"what our army was doing.....  why are you blaming others.....it was our duty to be careful......  alertness gone.....incidents on.....  please be careful......be smart and equipped.....with modern security science (man-machine).....  our smartness & alertness is our strengths.....  Be Alert - Be secured"	0
Good. Even Pakistan issued Fatwa against them.	1
High expectations on bike  don't know what they.  Gonna do 😟	0
"Tenzin Gyatso has visited Arunachal Pradesh in 1983, 1996, 1997 and twice in 2003—which, put together, gives excellent reason to wonder why Beijing should claim this particular tour has hurt its “core interests”."	0
"Siddhant Mulgaonker Patil award winning and block buster is two different thing Licker"	0
"His mission is not complete, give him some time, do not get misguided. Truth will prevail"	0
Blue dart 10 share @5200 hold for long term ur view	0
Shame on you assholes showing some other video and making it a fake news u chooths i hope each one you at Abp news will  rot in hell	1
"LOL, cannot understand, he dsnt attend LS and if attends remains silent and keeps doing bla bla bla in rallies and speeches and then blames opposition for not creating work enviornment. U have majority and still claim to look weak, wats the matter Mr Modi"	1
"The government said ""it's ok we about 1.25 Billion of them you carry on"""	0
Slow speed.. If high speed he can't hold phone recorded while driving..Wrong lane is the only mistake.	0
It's true. I live in Netherlands and they have bigger mosques. Never have I heard azan anytime of the day. So why does it happen in India? Why does our government allow such ludicrous things?	1
"Excellent! So what's his plan ? Relocating to Sukma or be Kanhaiya's, Shehla's, Omar's prof in JNU or relocating to Pakistan ? We have to know. National security is very important"	1
People who believe that modi is innocent because he got a clean chit from the court are the same people who abuse salman and call him a murderer even thought he too got a clean chit	1
HAaaaaaHaaaa Do u think pakistan will follow this decision.:D.:D	1
"this is case of theft and in assam there is ban on beef , presstitutes give this cow protectors angle"	1
"He forgot to do some good work for l&t powai works mumbai,  worker's,  he destroy our life...."	0
Congratulations many more to come.. haven't seen Anil Sanghavi Sir.. my favourite man of news channel...	0
Romeos need to be tackled regardless of their religion	0
same nautanki before every election.	1
"If half of that much money invested on each player before the Olympics we can get many more medals. India is A huge country ..there is no reason we cant win more medals . We can be in top five if we have better infrastructure for sports."	0
He has lost 15kgs since he was sacked from the ministry.	0
Parth jindal looks like chip of an old block. Watching him reminded me of young sajjanji way back in 80 s	1
Nothing wrong in protecting any animal as per indian law but cant admit killing human for the same.	1
Because these bhakts are jobless and doing their bhaktism out here.  Cheap employees of sangh cyber cell trained to abuse and use filth.	1
Salute our PM...still he is doing fasting...And attending in Looksabha...salute our honorable PM	0
"Congress Rahul and Sonia, kejrewal and, mamtha banerjee, all these people are talking because they are ones who have tons of black money.   ***k them!!!!"	1
He may assault the animals too.	1
"That's why I am keeping quiet, before there is information in public domain."	0
"No value of living people, rapists, murderers 🚶 free but talk only 🐮 shame on him"	1
Perhaps AAP could field Ghuggi or Bhagwant Mann here...	1
Heloo mam kanchan tripathi from Delhi  pidilite industry 40 shares@ 719.00 weekly veiw	0
Debasis pigs are haram to muslims because they are filthy animals while cow is haram for hindus because they claim it mother god.in islam all animals are animals and there is no god status is given to other than only Allah	1
Stop your Nautanki as this video explains everything https://youtu.be/6Z3w97pUKh0	1
Rohan Garg....u said it by urself since 2014 Hindus got recognition otherwise these politician have already divided our nation...Hindus were bashed in Hindustan since ages after the democracy and that too due to irresponsible political parties.... I don't agree on bashing any religion but at least be equal....everyone should just keep calm if any other religion is just being bashed or u should speak on everyone's behalf if it happens vice versa....my point is very clear	1
"Exit polls can make modi win elections on moon, mars and US as well.#wellpaidmedia"	1
"In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  #surgicalstrike 😅"	0
dictator is your gay gangsters saffron government who wear khaki panty	1
Hi Anuj...Banknifty ran exact 1000 pts from last friday low...still rally to continue or time to hedge with some puts?	0
Sankeerth Kadiyala Sushanth Chandra watch this guy! This guy is the real future of this country. Such high level IQ.wah	0
"Why not stop printing brand name by law, why onus on doctors?"	1
These days cows and dogs are more important than humans	1
"If michael phelps was an indian, our govt have to take loan from world bank..."	0
I think market has support at 8544 (89day  ema)	0
Azam khan - your minister used those words.	0
And would you guys have any views on ICICI Bluechip Mutual fund?	0
we are & we can deal Pak Army Appropriately but we have to  deal equally with Pak Rakshak Gangs in our soil	1
This move is like Mr. Narayan murthy coming back to lead Infosys for a brief period before Mr.Sikka was appointed	0
Don’t want aviation revolution to be impacted by lack of capacity: Ajay Singh	0
"Depression is to depress. When a person mind doesn't go together with usual functioning and become upset by thinking negatives of sadness or felt some distress etc It can be cured through mediation"	0
"When Aurangzeb can rule India despite being a hard line Islamist, why not Adityanath?"	1
look at your party's principles and actions also. can they be called secular and in the interest of the country. we find more communal riots in periods of pseudo-secular rule. why?	1
whatever modi did he did right....... MODI Proud by Indian...:) :) :)	0
"Has he got bangles on?? No not yet, I guess Ms. Irani didn't receive the 1000/- yet😂😂😂😂😂"	1
I already said that 😜. And I would love it.	1
"Thank you  AAP don't need person like you  You was against corruption or Congress?  Why don't you do anshan now for Lokpal"	1
But it was a very sharp attack on karan	0
Dialogue with pakistan must stop and surgical strike should be done.we should ignore what Digvijay singh had said	1
"Blatant lies told to the nation for last 65 years. No more.  Today black & corrupted money is coming to the mkt & sensex & nifty rise reflects growth of the nation. Pls note that the intellectuals with suit,tie & boot  discussing problems of poor & middle class cannot give solutions to the govt bcoz they won't understand them"	1
Why didn't u stopped 500 and 1000 notes from 8pm on 8th of nov.why have u given 4 extra hours to people to cover bkack money in books.	1
"WAHE GURU JI KA KHALSA WAHE GURU JI KI FATEH, JO BOLE SO NIHAL SATSRIKAL! Now where is that bastard Kejriwal and Rahul Gandhi is sleeping and Mamata these all are terrorist well wishers. Take them to the border and kill them also. And also include Farok Abdulla and his son also and sepreatest leaders also."	0
"During his rule in Bihar, the pilgrims had to bow before his photo and then proceed on their journey, such a great king he was."	1
Every were this person speaks it looks like a comedy show with a recorded laugh playing in the background....... May be wants to overtake Kapil's comedy show.. :-)	1
"take your discussion some where else. This will not make anything good for players life. if you want to bat for soldiers please do it seperately and don't ever compare. they both are completely different. you should appreciate whoever takes our country name higher. it can be soldiers, actors, sportsperson, politicians, etc"	0
People who'll held nifty and bank nifty if future and options will make millions	0
"In other words, Indian Army is saying Pakistani soldiers went across the LoC into Indian side, Mutilated the bodies of two Indian soldiers and came back while no one on the Indian side dared them engage.  P.S: ISPR has rejected the fabricated claim by Indian Army."	1
Raza sahab is one of the creation of Media and RSS.	1
"He should retire as player also There is no place for him"	0
this Brahmin always threat to every community.	1
"What is this solidarity March? Which political party has sponsored this useless ""solidarity"" march? Is this ""solidarity march"" towards showing ""solidarity"" for third class political parties like Congress Aap, TMC, CPI, who gave absolutely no agenda to take on the govt??!"	1
Yes definitely berger paint would be a multi bagger for long term	0
Ask your national leader to give next president post for your underworld job done to throw the congress	1
Can anybody convey my message that Sheeren looking nice !! 🤗🤗	0
"Well, Gangs of Wasseypur was based on these guys"	0
Anna fooled the nation ..An agent of BJP...	1
"National highways and Expressways are Govt top priority area now-a-days but the whole concept of expressway would be thwarted by rapid growth of commercial / industrial and residential construction along the expressways/bypass made to allow traffic move outside the city. Step should be taken by Govt immediately to stop this practice and Law should be framed to stop construction upto 200 meter on both side of the road, all such construction should be demolished."	1
"Many many THANKS , on behalf of Priyesha Deshmukh ."	0
Anurag Nanda find me one negative comment. Such a phenomenon rarely happens.	1
"They were forcefully Made to select Trump as a person of the year. Else the Magazine House will suffer a Bad TIME."	0
These idiots are just playing with our sentiments AV has lost his ground and KV is now diverting this and making space AAP that's it . Its a bate for foolish people don't fall for it use your own mind . Kashmir is ours and will remain with us one pic or one video will not change any situation . We are getting ready to take Baluchistan our mind set is to take from PAK not giving anymore	1
"I do not understand what you mean by India doesn't have Sharia Law. There can't be any restrictions on Appeal or advise. The leaflet does not name Nahid or any person it just says music is prohibited in Islam which is true We are democratic country and follow democratic laws. Every single time the paid and corrupt Indian Media blames Islam all narrow minded people take up arms and brand Islam as Evil. Please watch Ndtv Prime time by Mr. Ravish Kumar who is the most decent person in Indian Media"	1
We should respect every religion. May be he wants to be more popular & make another controversy.	1
We blamed Srilankans when they were fighting Tamil Militants but it's good that they have cleared them although little harshly. We need to do the same even if Communists and Congress shouta bit	1
"True China don't need militants , the ace product of this terrorist state ..."	0
"I dot approve of noise pollution. But then we have to stop so much honking all around. Early morning a school bus comes to pick the children in our neighborhood the driver keeps honking at 6 am. It's all disturbing. However, I thought Sonu Nigam was less stupid."	1
Kirloskar ferrous industries ltd allotted shares @ 10/ each later send s stikkers of  5/ to share holders and reduced the prices........then shares must be doubled in Quantity	0
why should truck have all the tarpaulin sheets for dress😂😂😂	0
Extradition proceedings can be time consuming. It is the first step.	0
Congress is much better than terrorist BJP.. The present govt of India only knows to provoke.. spread anarchy.. to create tension between the two countries... Will this atmosphere b good for the people of sub continent..	1
Kejriwal is honest person but politically immature better than modi bjp	1
Is there any economy globally  which can be sustainable forever	0
"She may want to look outside her glass doors the next time she's invited for an interview. But then again she's a 22 year old who has just had a baby, might as well give her some benefit of doubt. Still not sure why was she called for a women's day special interview !?!"	1
"It's not only about secularism, it's about choice between individual liberty and social liberty, it's constitutional right that everyone could follow religion in his own way but point is that social liberty always prior to individual one . So follow religion which not harm or disturb social atmosphere. We have to respect social sense of responsibility too. Now it's depends upon society, at which degree they wish to cooperate ."	1
"With a stammering, opinionated,egoist anchor occupying centre stage each day from 8.00a.m ,it's surprising if CNBC leads. Whoever she interviews is repeated ad nauseum.Mostly these interviews are her ego satisfaction and nothing of substance gets spoken. I wonder if Mukesh Ambani khush hua looking at his channel!"	0
What an awesome idea and exposure for the kids! More power to them👍🏻	0
But the statement remains true. IITs are overrated.	1
"Don't compare azaan with Hindu festivals, Hindu festivals are special occasions. Azaan is 5 times a day for 365 days"	1
So we should have the right to recall law to teach lesson to such people.	1
Not surprised! Perhaps u did not hear d news of launching of cow -ambulance service in UP recently. No ambulance service for poor n needy but focus is on cow.Ridiculous!	1
"Dear Indian express jab ye video dekh rahe the to kya kaan me tel Dal rakha tha tumhari team ne, Dr Kumar vishwas has did a vailed attack on all netas of the country and he didn't favoured anyone. To ye prestitutism kyu. Daru pike reporting karte ho kya??"	1
Exactly what im trying say theyre different but YASH RAJ CHABBRA doesn't get it	0
Maxwell I feel sorry to know that considerable resources of the nation were spent to raise you into the filth that you are.	0
#SundaySpecial Government claims it is the “highways of development” that are pushing Maoists into a corner.	0
"From the Oscar-nominated ""Lagaan"" to ""Bajrangi Bhaijaan"" to ""Ae Dil Hai Mushkil"", Bollywood has come a long way."	0
This type of people responsible for gulami of India  All English all muslim recruited native in their army and won battle and ruled India and kept people poor	1
"main stupa is not damaged, only few houses in and around stupa are damaged"	0
every date is a last date in itself.....this perticular date is only similer.. thats the difference....	0
"Rohit hi, now govt should take a strong decision  against the internal enemies. Bastar is a beautiful place of chhattisgarh."	0
"I think you guys are reacting hastily.  He is winning continuously from  Gorakhpur since 1998. Even when BJP was not strong he never lost an election. That means he has done some work. And just becuase the media channels have projected him as divisive politician, I doesn't mean he will be bad CM."	0
For 60 years u ppl did it!! Wat is the result??	1
"good news, now we all can withdraw the useless 2k note which no one has change for, people used to avaid 1k notes due to change issue and now we have 2k notes introduced during a cash crunch ."	1
check the fight scene of 56year old...  which u cant do in ur young age...  he has done this actio scenes without any dupe	1
"No, you should go to HELL"	1
I support Sonu Nigam  there is much appeasement of Muslims in India	1
"If Pakistan Army mutilated  Indian Body, Then they must have cross the border to do that!!!!!@! . . . . . . Surgical Strike  Surgical Strike  Surgical Strike 😂😂😂😂 Pakistan did Surgical Strike In India! And mutilated their bodies. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. . ."	0
All muslims in India are realy threat for India.. please sent or migrate  them to pakistan if they have problem to live in Hindustan.. #allmuslimareterrorists	1
"Simple.. This is India not saudi....  If ny1 has dought then take it this way.. I enter ur home nd take place then i demand for food..then demand for reservation...then demand for cast culture...then finally demand for ur home....if u r ok to welcome then let m know so tgat i can pack my bags to ur home.. ;) Dont want to hurt ny1 but thinking logical..."	1
He is expert in bluffing.  Destroyed Indian economy and slave of Modi.	1
There is no need to give a statement after doing such a bit of work. You know what kind of person you are. You can not even find a place in hell.	1
"facetious: facetious fəˈsiːʃəs adjective treating serious issues with deliberately inappropriate humour; flippant  I am sure every person making rape threats got that"	1
He will definitely think..he is been abused by pm..what kind of affection he has for associating himself with dogs and puppies	1
PV Sindhi got 25 lacs more from m.p govt credits Shivraj Singh Chouhan ji	0
means every honda genset you have to try 99 times -finally it will start	1
Where is the outrage for deaths of our Jawans? Where are offers of bangles for PM by BJP MPs? Or don't they care now that they are in Govt?	1
Indo-pak ...can exist as a country only until they hate each other	1
"All gunda element of u. P., are subsid and no one dair to do crime. Make up mind to do something in u. P. & India."	1
In kerela. Hindus may be Majority.  But not like other states. There  All religion ppl are in almost same population .  There being a Hindu is communal and being other religion is secularism. CPI making hindus as atheists. Only kerela ppl knows it. Its like next Kashmir.	1
Army guys can not do anything wrong and Feku gives this certificate daily.. shame on Feku	1
She should ask her nanny or cleaner lady who is a mom to several kids what she would prefer.. to take care of Misha or be home with her own kids. Privileged people like her should never be interviewed..	1
i think dp has to change her hair style.. her recent one sucks	1
So whom u gonna vote in next elections?? Rahul Gandhi or Arvind Kejriwal or Mayawati or Mulayam Singh or Mamta Banerjee or Lalu  Yadav or his sons or Nitish Kumar??	0
Jai Hind👏✊ It is not only the win of India it is the win of Justice. Once again the decision goes in favour of right side. I thank all the ICJ members for taking this much needed decision. Especially Mr. Harish Salve who was exceptionally excellent at ICJ. But the work is not over we have to bring Kulbhushan Back in India. 😊🙏	1
Govt is doing the right thing and I am with the government	0
hes true i support him Azaan shud be banned so that peace remains in India	1
"Muslims are slaves, this is fact"	1
Shame that AIFF is wasting money when there is dire need of money for infrastructure.	0
"SIR, SORRY YOU HAVE CREATED MONSTOR FOR INDIA-WE ALL HAVE TO PAY BUT BAD DAYS  WILL BE OVER WITH MR MODI TEAN, PL DO NOT REPET MISTAKE AGAIN"	1
ICJ rules in India's favour	0
Rubbish India could not do anything. Jaitley should pay the price	1
"Shame!!  And unfortunately the ambulance drivers,  the government office staffs cannot read our comments!"	1
All these achievement are because of demonitization. BJPshould repeat it once more to eliminate total corruption and Black money if any is left.	0
"Hearty Congratulation Yogi Adityanath ji for the C.M.of U.P., Good luck..and wish u all the best  for the overall developments of U.P. with better law and order and better Standard of living of the people.. under the leadership of Hon'ble PM Mr. Modi..Jai Hind.."	0
Sir do your welcome party ..Indian Soldigers r killing in Indin border..	1